also , i have recently discovered advil liquigels work much better and faster for a headache than regular ibuprofen .
i have always heard that motrin is better than advil for fevers , and that advil works better for body aches and pains .
when i was a figure skater i injuried my ankles all the time and the quickest way back on your feet is regular doses of motrin ( faster acting than advil and you can take it more often ) ice and keeping it above your hip .
in a way , halloween is even better than thanksgiving ( my absolute favorite holiday ) because thanksgiving divides us into separate households , while halloween unites us into bands of candy bandits .
the week after halloween will probably be lighter than the week before and the week after thanksgiving is probably even lighter .
i think halloween is actually safer than christmas and thanksgiving .
your halloween shipments have a greater than 20percent chance of being returned in time for thanksgiving .
well , in a few shorts weeks it will be halloween ( armed with a candy ration far greater than the amount handed out , then thanksgiving ( feast ! )
thanksgiving would transplant far better to australia than halloween .
( fwiw , living on the southwest tip of the florida peninsula , i may start breathing easier around halloween , but i don ' t get " at ease " until thanksgiving .)
this year , the cousin with the newest baby decided to bring her to meet the family on halloween , rather than thanksgiving or christmas , because travel is easier and distractions fewer .
it ' s kanye ' s birthday , and i hope his new bride didn ' t choose ( or worse - design ) his wedding cake because , if she did , their marriage is closer to being over than previously thought .
if you were to give $ 200 as a wedding gift , it might be easier for them to accept than if you gave them $ 200 for a birthday because that type of gift on a birthday is not normal .
birthday cakes are easier to make and there ' s less pressure for a beginner than wedding cakes .
" our cat was born on our wedding day so we told our children that it was elsie ' s tenth birthday party much easier to understand when you are three !"
a friend once told me her parents ' wedding anniversary was a far greater family holiday than her own birthday .
when i think about my average wedding cake earnings , taking into consideration the time and materials i invest in baking and deco - ing , the return is hands down so much greater than spending the same amount of time doing birthday - style cakes .
i feel like since i ' m asking all these people to go to my wedding than i better not miss a single birthday party , etc .
ahh , the bizarre last minute requests the week before your wedding when you have nothing better to think about than how you will incorporate your distant relative ' s birthday into your wedding reception .
i used chalk pastels , which are much easier to control than paint brushes .
white chalk is nicer than charcoal , condo said , because you can go right over it with oil paint .
the larger particle size of our chalk ( when compared to precipitated chalk ) keeps oil absorption low , which is ideal when adding it to oil paint and mediums .
if it was successful , it would be a bit cheaper than my first recipe for sidewalk chalk , and it would be simpler to get more variety of colors with food coloring instead of powdered tempera paint .
while chalk isn ' t very expensive , you can make even cheaper chalk by mixing 1 cup of plaster of paris ( bought in the hardware store ; the same exact thing sold in craft supply stores is much more expensive ) with ¾ cup of water and enough tempera paint to get it to be the color you want .
although i must admit that over here finding chalk board vinyl to cut in labels is much easier than finding chalk board spray paint go figure .
paint wine glass stems with chalkboard paint and write the guest ' s name and table number on each one ( use this - it ' s easier than chalk ).
it ' s also a bit easier to carry a piece of chalk in your pocket than 20 or 30 stencils and a can of spray paint .
we painted big fat stripes on a bathroom wall and found it easier to use chalk line rather than measure constantly down an entire wall to make sure the lines were even .
my family does a lot of saltwater fishing and the only thing better than grilling fish that was swimming around just hours prior is throwing that fresh grilled fish on a tortilla with some toppings !
my girlfriend katie also comes from a family steeped in fishing tradition , albeit using flies on the rivers of idaho -- she was a natural when we got to the beach and immediately began to catch everything that was swimming .
on low tide you have your own beach to fish from or for the kids to build sand castles ( deck chairs , fishing rods , tackle box , esky and sand toys provided ) - we do not recommend the river for swimming due to boating activity .
nonetheless , it is primarily a recreation - not as healthful as swimming , faster paced than fishing and intellectually superior to rock music .
hint : run faster in water : in veniccio sea , equip your fishing rod or lure rod to run faster in water instead of swimming .
the fast - growers are likely swimming around more , searching out food to a greater extent than slow - growers and are therefore more likely to encounter the fishing nets .
skiing : safer than biking , swimming .
in this regard , skiing and snowboarding are safer sports than bike riding or swimming .
this fatality rate makes skiing and snowboarding more dangerous than bicycling and slightly safer than swimming .
statistically speaking , skiing is generally considered safer than swimming , horse riding , climbing , or playing football .
to the public , ski resorts market skiing and snowboarding as safe - safer than cycling or swimming .
so it is well known that grading at stanford or harvard is easier than grading at mit or caltech .
such a framework would make it easier for students to take courses in harvard schools other than their own , as well as at mit .
it seems like the guys at mit are worse than the guys at harvard because the shuttle runs directly to the frats at mit , says jaronczyk .
at mit we thought we were better than people at harvard because we were smarter and worked harder .
if you want to say mit kids are smarter than harvard kids , well , i give that to you .
i can ' t understand why they ' d turn down the mit engineer who is probably much smarter then the harvard poetry major .
but on average , the random group of 10 harvard grads will always be smarter than the random group of 10 non - harvard grads ( unless those non - harvard grads went to a similar school such as yale , mit , etc .).
bryan says that general opinion on campus favors harvard men as being more " normal " than the men at the mit shuttle stop .
it is even harder to get off the waitlist from mit than at harvard or stanford .
it would be great to know how much it these are , nice as cheap tickets are , a handful of $ 12 tickets at mit add up a lot faster than a handful of free ones at harvard , for example .
mit announced last week that the size of its endowment fell by roughly 21 percent this past fiscal year - substantially better than the 30 percent declines reported by harvard and yale only a few days earlier .
junior mike katzer , shown here in earlier action , led harvard with three goals in its 10 - 8 win over cross - town rival mit .
the mit ballroom dance team marked the beginning of their competitive season by busing , driving , walking , running , and dancing their way down to harvard earlier this month to compete at the annual harvard beginners competition .
riding in his new suv was a much smoother , easier , more baggage - friendly ride than the jeep would have been .
will it roll easy , well that depends on what you do to it , a lifted jeep will roll easier than a stock one but a stock jeep is just as stable as any other small suv .
now i love my jeep and will probably keep it for many years regardless of reliability , but if it was my wife and we already had a hard core off road machine , i ' d get the more comfy and easier to drive suv .
of course i say hope ... i ' m sure you have to overcome a lot of short term thinking , but i believe a packard acquisition makes this easier , much like buying jeep kept dodge focused on on - road trucks , rather than an off - road capable suv .
my opinion : a responsible driver of a lifted jeep with higher cog is safer than an irresponsible driver of a stock suv .
sales of the jeep cherokee were more than 14 percent higher in august than they were in may , when the new midsize suv set its previous monthly sales record .
for many customers , the jeep grand cherokee is a second vehicle to complement their much more expensive luxury car , meaning jeep has to hold its suv to a higher standard than some of its lesser models to maintain its cachet .
jeep ' s renegade and compass crossovers are very boxy , but the year ' s hottest new crossover , the jeep cherokee ( not the grand cherokee suv ), is rounded and smoother with the classic crossover design .
and , while it can ' t off - road like a jeep commander or tow heavy loads like a full - size chevrolet suburban , the acadia can handle 90 percent of what families ask from their vehicles , and it offers a smoother ride and better handling than any truck - based suv .
more importantly to some , the different drive modes allow this high performance jeep to offer a smoother ride for daily driving conditions and while even " auto " mode is stiffer than your average large suv - the ride quality is very good for a vehicle that is obviously geared towards extreme levels of performance .
at the test track , the jeep posted a competition - best 8 . 3 - second 0 - 60 - mph time ( over 1 . 5 seconds quicker than the next closest suv ).
at 7 . 6 seconds , the 2012 jeep wrangler unlimited rubicon is 3 . 9 seconds quicker to 60 mph than the suv it replaces , thanks to its new 285 - hp , 3 . 6 - liter v - 6 and five - speed automatic .
" but my jeep only has 4 , 000 miles on it ... it rides great with the longer base , i think it rides better than the new cadillac suv , s " .
designers massaged the grand cherokee ' s angular styling into a curvaceous yet instantly recognizable jeep that is slightly wider and longer than the current suv , but it ' s under the skin where this model differs most from its predecessor .
i like this suv better than any of my past vehicles - jeep grand cherokee , mb ml320 , cadillac srx , infiniti qx4 .
of all of the problems i have with this jeep i still think it is an improvement in overall quality for the jeep suv brand .
big key the suv is overall best love every bit of feature standard the suv is great believe bought for great priced after getting out my lemon of jeep .
the front and rear bumpers are unique to the 2012 jeep grand cherokee srt8 and go a long way in adding to the overall sexiness of this suv .
it ' s a awesome suv in it ' s class but the awd uses way to much gas ...( i could get better gas mileage on a jeep on awd ) black is great and the 6 disc changer is great but i wish it had heated seats in the back of the car ... btw don ' t get the seven seater it ' s a pain no room ... but overall great power and i like the v6 engine ...
with debug on and all safety features enabled swift is currently between 20 - 300x times slower than objective - c .
dare i also say that learning objective - c may be a tad easier than swift , only because objective - c does not contain some of the more advanced features as swift such as functional patterns , generics , and advanced enumeration and collection features .
swift is ultimately a bigger language than objective c , with features like advanced enums , generics / templates , tuples , operator overloading , etc .
you ' ll pick up swift language features and syntax along the way , and understand why using swift ( instead of objective - c ) makes ios and mac app development easier , faster , and safer .
swift is designed for cocoa and cocoa touch , and is meant to be easier , faster , and safer than objective - c .
apple ' s swift programming language faster , safer than objective - c .
i love the swift because it ' s safer and easier than objective - c .
swift is intended to be more resilient to erroneous code ( safer ) than objective - c , and also more concise .
i ' ve touched on just a couple of swift ' s myriad safety features , and it is clear that swift will produce safer code than is typical of c and objective - c .
xcode will add the swift programming language , which apple says is much faster than objective c . presenters cited many modern features , including generics , namespaces , and type inference .
another advancement is the introduction of swift , a much simpler , easier to use and faster programming language than objective - c , which apple had been relying on for years .
by far the more impactful news for solution providers was about apple ' s swift programming language , a new development environment that it says will be faster and easier to use than objective - c .
called swift , it ' s meant to offer a faster , easier way to build software for apple ' s products than its existing programming language , objective - c .
but even better , swift is fundamentally simpler and easier to use than objective - c , the language that developers currently have to use to build ios and os x apps .
when we started we basically followed the same patterns we used in objective - c , but over time we ' ve learned to embrace swift ' s features and follow patterns unique to swift .
i ' ve never written anything in the ios ecosystem so i spent about a week to research before digging in . the transition was smooth primarily because i ' m using swift -- a much more succinct and modern language than objective - c -- and my somewhat dated android experience and very dated windows dev experience provided me with all of the patterns i needed to understand ios .
although swift is easier to use , we ' re sure that there will be issues like crashes , slow request , errors and so on as we already know it from objective - c and other languages .
in other words , ios and os x apps built with swift should run even smoother and faster than counterparts made with the tried and true objective - c .
even if you don ' t know what those terms mean , it ' s easy to pick up that apps ios and os x developers build with swift should run even smoother and faster than counterparts made with the objective - c language they ' ve been using .
swift does appear simpler than objective - c .
swift ' s operator precedences and associativity rules are simpler and more predictable than those found in c and objective - c .
swift is simpler than objective - c and allows users to see their code in action as they write it on their computer screens , rather than running it through a compiler before checking it out .
swift is marginally easier to read than objective - c , sure .
trees from lower michigan and wisconsin have grown faster , and trees from iowa , virginia , and west virginia have grown slower than would have been expected from the latitude of their provenance .
from 2012 , the year michigan passed right - to - work , until mid - 2015 , incomes in michigan rose over nine percent faster than west virginia and the national average , vernuccio and hart wrote .
the michigan men ' s rowing team finished faster than top - seed virginia , but not fast enough for first place in the collegiate men ' s eights race at the head of the charles regatta in cambridge , mass .
in the end , virginia had the fastest overall time with a 16 : 26 for the three - mile course , four seconds faster than michigan .
nice analysis , although i ' m surprised that you think michigan has a greater chance of switching than virginia .
and clearly , the distance between the michigan and appalachian state programs in 2007 is greater than the distance between the virginia tech and temple programs in 1998 .
the average professional salary at the university of michigan ( 35 th in the arl survey ) is nearly $ 4 , 000 greater than at unc - ch , and at the university of virginia ( 25 th in the survey ) the difference rises to nearly $ 6 , 000 .
when you throw in the fact that virginia tech , as good as they ' ve been over the past fifteen or so years , is not to be confused for michigan in terms of historical prestige , budget or fan support ( the wolverines averaged 110 , 026 fans last season ; the hokies , 66 , 233 ), it becomes clear that there is a greater gap between michigan and appalachian state in 2007 than there was between virginia tech and temple in 1998 .
49 3 , 321 9 , 603 , 996 virginia _ __ 32 2 , 709 9 , 219 , 968 georgia _ 35 2 , 131 6 , 593 , 163 alabama _ _ 8 180 665 , 963 totals _ 237 19 , 634 $ 66 , 155 , 667 north carolina , while first in production of household furniture in the south , was sixth in order among all the states in 1923 , new york , illinois , indiana , michigan and pennsylvania in the order given all producing a greater value of furniture .
so even if virginia was a better candidate for tier 1 than michigan because of its size , michigan is probably the other public law school in this tier .
tier 1 -- value # 1 -# 8 jake long ot michigan chris long lb virginia sedrick ellis de georgia tech ryan clady ot boise st glen dorsey - usc .
cmon people this is michigan its a lot easier to recruit top players here than in west virginia .
did he say that rebuilding a west virginia team was an easier job then rebuilding michigan , is he retarded .
i never him being a great recruiter at wvu -- but i ' m sure it is infinitely easier to recruit to michigan rather than west virginia .
maryland was already struggling to bring in big time recruits , don ' t see the terrapins beating out ohio state and michigan for top recruits much easier than beating north carolina and duke , or even virginia tech for that matter ..... disappointing .
voters in those states are flightier than in wisconsin , michigan and pennsylvania : it would be easier to generate a big white swing in virginia than a small one in pennsylvania .
at west virginia we had better facilities than they had at michigan , patrick beilein recalls .
maybe because he was at michigan he felt he had to push even harder than he ever did at west virginia .
since 2000 , west virginia ' s population is up by 2 . 6 percent - modest growth , but better than states like michigan and rhode island .
the florida / arkansas winner and west virginia are much better choices than michigan for the title game , too .
got granholmed out of the state because working in virginia is far better than not working in western michigan .
likewise , michigan has seven centers to serve 10 million people and is more than twice the geographic size of west virginia .
" he added that the original boundaries would make the state about equal to michigan in size , and somewhat smaller than missouri or virginia .
brown is 5 , virginia 5 , cornell 4 , and so on ( there are others that size too ) but 16 is actually starting to move toward " mid - size ," like michigan ( 12 ) and massachusetts ( 10 ).
the virginia native ranked as the no . 26 overall prospect in the 2013 athlon consensus 100 and has the size and skill set necessary to be an every - down back for michigan .
virginia has donated her body to the university of michigan medical school in ann arbor .
places like california have higher utility rates than you might have in the state of michigan ."
gov . jerry brown said this evening that california is losing manufacturing at a rate no faster than the rest of the country , telling the tv show host and former michigan gov . jennifer granholm the problem is a national one .
although the resurgent domestic auto industry is helping michigan add jobs faster than many other states , it ' s tied with mississippi for the state ' s third - highest jobless rate at 10 . 6 percent , behind only nevada and california .
only california is projected to lose more graduates than michigan , and only vermont will shrink faster .
they mined a lot of gold in california , but the us economy was growing faster -- for instance , more value was harvested from the timber in michigan than was mined from ca .
but moving from western pennsylvania to eastern michigan might be an easier personal sell than , say , dixon returning to california .
a computer science graduate of michigan may make the same amout of money as a computer science graduate of msu if they both stay in michigan , but the michigan grad would have a much easier time landing a job in california than the msu grad .
i must say that driving in california weather is way easier than driving in the monsoon i experienced there in michigan , but the drivers out here make michigan drivers look like a state full of nervous high schoolers on their final driving exam !
i admire your efforts and i agree with your motto of refuse , refuse , refuse , reduce , reuse , recycle i think it is probably a little easier for you in california than it is in suburban michigan .
here in michigan , there ' s no reason for us to be surprised by some of the far - reaching effects the mcri had in california , so i think it ' ll be a lot easier for us to show voters how this is bad for the state ."
michigan is better , chicago , ohio , california , the non - connecticut new england states , canada - all much better than north carolina .
actually , michigan is a better state for wind than california , but people don ' t realize that , he said .
in fact all of michigan that i ' ve seen thus far has a greater passion for artists and music than the entire state of california where i ' m from .
he added that california has suffered worse than almost all the states , with only nevada ( 13 . 5 ) and michigan ( 13 . 2 ) suffering higher unemployment rates , as measured by u - 3 .
the state of michigan is almost irrelevant and gets better than it deserves : it is funding at the level of mississippi but getting a california product .
i was born in michigan , but have spent the last five years in california .
my michigan friend is on her way here to sunny but cooler california for a visit .
the crisis ended when cooler minds decided to make michigan a state instead , and then round up agitators such as isaac graham , the last person california ever pursued for lack of valid documentation .
the largest negative temperature anomalies were observed along coastal regions of california and the northeast u . s ., with some cooler than average temperatures also occurring in the southeast , the upper peninsula of michigan and parts of the west north central region .
if you go onto google trends , type in " marijuana ," then limit your results to the united states , you ' ll see michigan is hotter than california , even washington , and only behind colorado in google searches .
despite lower unemployment , california has a higher foreclosure rate than michigan .
the unemployment rate is higher in california and illinois than in michigan .
michigan pays more to borrow than california , even with an s & p rating two levels higher .
according to russell , the key reason why michigan is in better restructuring shape than california is that state lawmakers phased in deregulation while their counterparts on the west coast didn ' t .
grand rapids - even though electricity - generating reserves in michigan have declined steadily for some time , restructuring of michigan ' s electricity production industry seemed to take a much more optimistic turn during year 2000 than in california .
fortunately , michigan is in better shape than california .
georgia , michigan , illinois and ohio are now in worse shape than california .
corner entry speeds at michigan , a higher - banked track than california , though similar two - mile d - shape , reached 218 mph on the new asphalt there last summer .
california ( where bankruptcy isn ' t out of the question and the state is issuing iou ' s ) is in even worse financial shape than michigan , yet they are 6th on this list and california isn ' t on it at all .
leave the pennsylvania station ' bout a quarter to four read a magazine and then you ' re in baltimore dinner at the diner , nothing could be finer than to have your ham and eggs in carolina .
spoiler : it ' s because his chances of winning colorado , virginia , new hampshire , iowa , and ohio combined ( he needs them all ) are worse than his chances of winning pennsylvania .
the other thing our friend ben noted was that virginia appeared to be considerably more forthcoming about one ' s chances of winning big than pennsylvania .
i see drivers with out of state tags mostly pennsylvania doing well over the speed limit because they know that their chances of getting pulled over in west virginia are slim .
if mccain loses in virginia his chances of winning the white house are very slim because that means he will have to win in states like pennsylvania - which is very doubtful indeed .
chances of increased timber volume under present practices do not appear good , although the commercial range extends from southern new york to west virginia , the better quality material is generally found in quantity only in pennsylvania .
in pennsylvania , it ' s even easier than in virginia .
pick - ups include ohio , pennsylvania , rhode island ( this will be an easier win than people think ), montana , missouri ( which will be razor - thin , as has been widely predicted ), and virginia .
the virginia court presently has jurisdiction of your child support payments ; the father of your daughter , will probably want virginia to retain jurisdiction as long as you continue to live in virginia so that if you decide to stop paying , it ' s easier to have a virginia court hold you in contempt ( should the father wish to file such a petition ), rather than transfer the case to pennsylvania , file a petition for contempt in pennsylvania and then wait to have it transferred to virginia to find you .
mccain will win bigger in florida and virginia ( listed as toss - ups ) than obama will in pennsylvania ( listed as leaning liberal ).
it also attracts both capital and labor , helping to propel the economy , mcginnis said , citing a bigger increase in jobs in right to work virginia than in pennsylvania in recent years .
the classifications will sometimes be slightly inconsistent from state to state , because the polls in some states ( such as pennsylvania and ohio ) use bigger sample sizes on average than others ( such as west virginia and vermont ).
pennsylvania , though governed by quakers assisted by noncombatant germans , had a better protected frontier than maryland or virginia , no colony , indeed , was at that time better protected .
pennsylvania ranks better than west virginia , maryland , ohio , new jersey and new york for business tax climate .
north america : hudson and upper susquehanna river drainages in new york and pennsylvania , usa , great lakes ( except lake superior ) and mississippi river basins from new york in usa and south ontario in canada to minnesota and south to west virginia and kentucky in usa .
up to 2 feet of snow should fall on west virginia , with lighter snow in parts of ohio and pennsylvania , regardless of where sandy first hits .
over the course of the bush administration , the latino voting - age population in virginia increased 5 times faster than the population as a whole , 11 times faster in ohio , and almost 15 times faster in pennsylvania .
and while these eastern pennsylvania rapids are gentler than the white - knuckle rides of wilder , faster rivers in places such as maryland and west virginia , that ' s not to say there aren ' t thrills and spills .
in 1790 , the population of virginia , 748 , 308 , was greater than of new - york and pennsylvania together , and ohio had not begun to be settled .
for ten years preceding 1770 , the average value of the exports of maryland and virginia was more than one - third greater than that of the united exports of new england , new york , and pennsylvania .
but not only is virginia the smallest proportionate debtor in the union , and her proper balance relatively as well as really greater than that of pennsylvania , but it will also be found considerably to exceed even that of massachusetts .
individual rights are given greater scope in the pennsylvania declaration than in that of virginia .
tell me about how puritan new england and quaker pennsylvania were worse for minorities than relatively secular virginia or barbados , for example .
plus , the espn networks have a greater reach in this country than fox soccer channel .
espn has greater professionalism than speed / fox and takes the sport very seriously where with fox / speed the coverage is jokes , light , feel good moments with dw , roberts , wendy etc . .
even reruns of espn fc ' s show that are televised in the early morning hours are generating a greater average viewing audience than the best episode of fox soccer daily thus far .
since 1998 , fox soccer channel has also been covering european national and club matches , with much greater density than espn .
espn is far superior to fox , if only because of all the talent , resources and access a company like espn can get .
your overall premise is correct ... not just for the talent but the overall production of these games on fox has been inferior to what espn / abc / cbs do on a regular basis .
if espn is never done adding and tweaking their talent , then obviously fox will be almost equally as active .
it ' ll run fox football daily weekdays at 6 p . m ., which will feature nfl on fox talent , including terry bradshaw , howie long and former espn reporter erin andrews .
fox continues to slowly improve their champions league coverage , even though they still import world feeds instead of supplying their own broadcast talent like espn .
@ aaron .... i fully agree fox has more than enough resources to broadcast the matches espn / abc - esque through fx / fsw / local - fox + making their own version of espn360 free .
but while fox may start a long ways behind espn , they have the resources to commit to an all sports cable channel other networks don ' t right now .
the bad news is that fox is still not seeing a lot of momentum on the ratings front for original programming and resources aren ' t as abundant than at espn .
the difference is that the fox sports is much smaller portion of the parent company compared to espn .
21 st century fox ( nyse : fox ) desperately would like you to think that its upcoming fox sports one launch will make the company a direct rival and threat to disney ' s insanely lucrative espn sports franchise .
i ' ll take the tnt , espn , abc issues as it is better than listening to the circus attitude fox gives us .
i have been down on fox the last 2 years but right now i would take ole dw back over this espn circus of boring talking heads .
i do know espn will be better than fox , as they have been left in the dust .
thankfully , petty does not have the " fox sports attitude " and his wardrobe does not contain enough neckties to get him through even one nascar on espn weekend .
so , for espn , it was much better for them to allow fox to rise up as its primary competition than comcast / nbc .
not a bad thing for those of us not interested in soccer , because fox sports will be easier to avoid than espn when surfing channels .
having the espn tag with your programming is much easier to sell local advertising than the competitors : fox sports radio , yahoo !
having the espn tag with your programming is much easier to sell local advertising than the competitors : fox sports radio , yahoo ! sports radio , cbs sports , and the nbc sports radio network ( of which i have never actually heard ).
interesting that espn will re - air the " sec on cbs " games but not the " notre dame on nbc " ( stanford and pitt were both at nd ), or big 12 / pac - 12 games from fox . must be something from the sec / cbs / espn contract that makes this easier than the others .
when it comes to watching football and basketball , fox sports is superior to espn in nearly every single way .
over the weekend fox sports oklahoma did something smarter than what espn has been doing lately .
in fact all of fox sports radio is better than espn radio .
i really like the coverage on fox sports its much better than on espn .
those are brutal start times for fox sports , and there is little chance fox will average better viewership numbers than espn .
both fox channels absolutely suck in quality compared to espn .
mike joy does such a great job and as long as i don ' t have to listen to jaws all the time , i like larry and hammond , can still do without myers , fox does a much better job than espn .
the hd picture on fox looks great tonight , about 4 million times better than the espn game that they tried to pass off as hd .
( espn is worse than fox at this even for nationwide races ) i know times change , but a 5 minute commercial break and then a green flag with a stupid digger cam , digger animation , and a crawler to order a digger ring tone !
after watching digger come out of his hole approximately 147 times this weekend , i was starting to change my opinion that fox is better than espn and put the 4 - letter network back at the top when it comes to nascar coverage .
fox goes more ' serious ' than espn with their jackets , especially since mike , larry , and darrell usually choose different colors than traditional network - grade navy blue .
for that anonymous who said fox tv ' s ratings are down and talked about fox personalities ... if he did any checking .. fox ' s prerace show got better ratings than many races last year on tnt and espn .. dw , hammond , and myers help to promote nascar .. nascar needs better racing to promote itself
fox , or , as i call it , fake news is no better than the networks , cnn , etc .
ethics bob is always on the lookout for fake apologies , so when cnn reported that news corp ' s rupert murdoch had made a non - apology my senses sharpened : who better to nail than murdoch , the genius behind fox news ' s right - wing propaganda machine .
i ' m someone in the middle & look for cnn to be in the middle but they have become a fake fox news .
i expected to see the tapes on fox ( they will run them until nov .), which in my opinion is fake news , but not cnn .
cnn should know better to even bring that shit up they are no better than fox news .
and , liberal bias or not , cnn is still the best for this type of coverage - better than the broadcast networks , much less fox .)
nbc , msnbc and cnn have been in the tank of obama and quite honestly , hillary has received better coverage from fox than her own parties networks .
wow ... a cnn poll says dems are better off than the gop ... the same survey on fox said the opposite ( with a much larger margin ).
his fox news channel has a larger u . s . audience than cnn .
and yes fox does have a larger viewership than cnn or msnbc .
fox has by far the largest audience in the evenings -- larger than msnbc and cnn combined .
on the topic of fox news ... they aren ' t any worse than abc / nbc / cbs / msnbc / cnn / etc .
in fact , fox news unbalanced bias favoring romney makes them no better than cnn , msnbc etc .
besides , the democrats aren ' t refusing to debate on fox because it ' s any worse than cnn , etc - they ' re doing it because it pleases their hardcore base and because they have thin skins , as they are not used to being criticized .
and as for the other big cable network , cnn , ricks said he thinks it is far better than either fox or msnbc .
fox is nothing but three extra letters floating in the bowl of rancid alphabet network soup , no better than abc / cnn / see - bs / nbc and the rest of them .
present - day cnn is of gutter - trash quality , only nominally better than the laughably unbiased fox news .
this article is pretty lame , but cnn has done a much better job covering the gop field without bias than fox .
people seem to focus on the issue of bias , and this argument usually quickly devolves into a a stalemate between ideological camps , with people arguing about , for example , whether fox news is worse than cnn .
time warner ' s cnn and general electric ' s msnbc , both of whom ' s ratings are sinking quicker than the titanic ( produced by murdoch ' s 20th century fox films ) agreed to air the ad as is .
foxs news is no better than abc , cbs , nbc msnbc , cnn , because they ont have the balls to speak up and speak the truth !
no matter how walton tries to spin it , the truth of the matter is obvious : cnn management knows it doesn ' t have the brainpower in its newsrooms to create better shows than fox , so they ' re going to stop trying .
sometimes fox news is a faster reporter of what happened than cnn .
what net neutrality will do is prevent fox news from paying - say cablevision - to make sure their videos and website load faster than cnn or indeed my site .
stock analyst michael gallant told the chicago tribune that while fox is growing faster , cnn is still earning about $ 200 million more per year than fox .
it means that , for example , if verizon is a partner with fox news they ' ll want to favor fox news ' website meaning it will load faster than a competitor ' s , like let ' s say , cnn , for no reason other than favoritism .
stock analyst michael gallant told the chicago tribune ( 11 / 28 / 03 ) that while fox is growing faster , cnn is still earning about $ 200 million more per year than fox ( television week , 10 / 20 / 03 ).
fox news is vastly superior to either cnn or msnbc .
fox news is no worse than cnn or msnbc .
fox news is far superior to cnn and msnbc , both of which sacrifice entertainment for accuracy .
cnn is no better than fox , msnbc , etc .
foxnews rating are 5 times greater than their nearest competitor cnn .
fox regularly has a combined nightly audience , 5pm - midnite , greater than that of cnbc , msnbc and cnn , combined .
the brand promoted here are the fox personalities rather than individual stories , to a much greater degree than cnn or msnbc .
fox employs many liberals , whose numbers probably are greater than the number of conservatives employed by cnn and the other networks .
this was serious charge , suggesting that fox news had greater interests in the success of the u . s . military operation than cnn .
fox news is easier to watch than cnn and that is saying something .
oddly enough , he calls his stint at fox his happiest : it was easier to work with out - and - out conservatives than with executives at cnn and msnbc , who lived in constant fear that they would be accused of liberal bias .
on another note , i think it ' s easier to punk blond reporters from fox news than cnn , imo .
i ' ll look into the bondi / kelly interview that should be easier because for some reason fox is more forthcoming than cnn or any of the alphabets .
" the faster they can get this behind them , the more they can treat fox like one other organization , the easier they can get back to governing , and then put some people out on fox ," gergen said on cnn .
cnn is worse than fox news .
lol fox gets better ratings than cnn .
fox has better ratings than cnn and msnbc combined .
based on its success and ratings , fox news is clearly superior to cnn and msnbc in objective , hard - nose reporting .
does anybody wonder why fox news has much better ratings than cnn .
nothing , really , considering that fox news still effectively dominates the ratings , with better numbers than msnbc and cnn combined .
anyway cnn is worse than fox , because you do it with intend to deceive , on a more ( but little ) intellectual level .
cnn is quickly falling to a level par with fox news .
but considering the generally low level of education of the cnn correspondents ( albeit somewhat higher than fox ) it isn ' t too surprising .
cnn is the most level - handed of the three , but try telling that to someone who gets all their information from fox news .
you have stooped to a very low level or at least cnn has ... i would expect her to be on the fox network .
this publication shows that a properly tuned postgresql is not only as fast or faster than mysql ( 720 . 56 specjappserver2004 jops @ standard ), but almost as fast as oracle ( since the hardware platforms are different , it ' s hard to compare directly ).
i hope oracle is faster than postgresql in many ways , but i found both are performant .
with permanent storage that fast , postgresql 7 . 0 would perform on a par with , if not faster than , oracle 8i .
oracle seems to be hell lot faster than mysql / postgresql to load raw data even when it ' s installed on reiserfs .
it ' s likely that any organization that wants to replace oracle with an open - source dbms would be better served going with postgresql , which seems much closer to oracle compatibility than ingres is .
oracle is a ten ton nightmare to admin , it does not scale down at all ; patching oracle requires reading pages of whitepapers and sometimes bringing in a consultant , whereas patching mysql / postgresql requires running apt - get update on my debian boxes .
oracle on a single system doesn ' t scale much better ( if even ) than postgresql on a single system .
josh is the postgresql lead by the way and josh knows full well that the 12 % in his hand - picked comparison looked a lot better than then 42 % thumping oracle dealt postgesql using 2 little xeon " cloverdale " processors .
given all of its woes with oracle over the hp - ux / itanium platform , hp is keen on peddling postgresql on its high - end xeon - based proliant dl980 eight - socket servers as well as on the itanium - based integrity blades and superdome 2 servers .
better yet , use postgresql ( it now has better row locking and better performance than oracle on single processor machines ).
postgresql can be easier to install and maintain than oracle .
with postgresql things just work and are much easier to administer than oracle including replication .
postgresql is a superb database , and dramatically easier to work with and manage than oracle on a day to day basis .
we tested postgresql , and it was acutually faster , and easier to maintain then our oracle database .
this is much easier of a task with sql server and oracle than it is for mysql since both support many of the advanced ansi - sql constructs postgresql supports .
i have this silly idea that postgresql could one day be better than oracle ( in terms of features and performance - postgresql already beats oracle on cost :-) ).
berkus said the fact that postgresql 8 . 2 performance is at the same level , or better than oracle , ibm db2 or microsoft sql server means that more companies will now be open to using postgresql .
it delivers oracle compatibility as well as performance enhancements over postgresql .
postgresql also brings some performance benefits over the embedded oracle database as delivered with 5 . 5 and earlier .
the source must be postgresql , but the targets can be postgresql , mysql , redis , oracle , mariadb , sqlite , or mongodb .
postgresql is the closest you will get to oracle in the open source world .
use postgresql as open source alternative , which has a feature - set similar to oracle database .
he favors postgresql as an open source alternative that is architecturally similar to oracle .
another huge open source success is the use of postgresql instead of oracle or sql server .
to my mind , postgresql is so far superior to both mysql and oracle for small - to - large database projects it ' s not even funny .
ruby on rails projects usually use mysql or postgresql for their database , but in the corporate world , oracle is king .
postgresql may not be as good as oracle is , but it is good enough for most projects that it doesn ' t have to be .
for production i prefer postgresql because it ' s free , fast ( comparing to oracle it ' s almost twice faster on my projects ), easy to use and distribute and quite powerful .
i did some database projects in my school work with postgresql and java / jdbc so i have some knowledge writing sql , but a lot of functions are new to me in oracle .
if a student were setting everything up him or herself and wanted to learn the preceding concepts plus some of the details of acs , i guess i ' d recommend ( a ) linux ( i ' m not qualified to say which version is best but i ' d want one with a journaled file system ), ( b ) postgresql ( easier to install and maintain than oracle ), ( c ) openacs 4 . x ( vibrant developer community of whom questions may be asked ).
the documentation sucks compared to either mysql or postgresql , but it ' s a million times better to work with than the oracle crap .
mysql only became popular because it ' s faster than postgresql for less complex database work .
but for database users , it also includes mysql 5 . 5 ( better than 5 . 1 . 69 ), and postgresql 9 . 2 ( better than 8 . 4 . 13 ).
for years mysql offered better write a few read a lot databases than postgresql .
allen downloaded the free versions of both databases and found mysql 4 easier to use than postgresql .
this is partially why postgresql seems to run slower than mysql on databases that have lots of insert and delete queries .
for years , the common industry perception has been that mysql is faster and easier to use than postgresql .
mysql took an early lead in the linux web hosting world about 10 years ago when in was the standard rdbsm installed , probably because it was easier to use , easier to install and faster than postgresql .
mysql is easier to use than postgresql , yet it is a thousand times worse .
not to start a flame war , but i don ' t find mysql any easier to install than postgresql ( or less so ).
mysql simply as ' mysql seems faster and easier to install , but postgresql .
also , in some specific scenarios mysql / mariadb are faster and scale better than postgresql .
- sql server is significantly superior to mysql , faster than postgresql , and for most businesses is cheaper than oracle .
mysql is often much faster than postgresql and sqllite is several times faster than mysql .
postgresql was between 3 and 4 times slower than mysql and didn ' t .
in earlier times , getting a mysql server up and running was probably easier than postgresql .
i hope it is true , because last time we test postgresql was worse than the current mysql .
mysql works better on windows than postgresql .
it is much more robust than mysql and the django orm works much better with postgresql than mysql , mssql , or others .
as i said earlier , postgresql is my favorite rdbms , but replication is a very compelling reason to migrate to mysql .
similarly , mysql was natively available for windows much earlier than postgresql which made it easier for people to download and test .
try your earlier solution of using latin1 instead of utf - 8 , or consider using mysql instead of postgresql as it ' s less fastidious about its encodings .
a common misconception is that mysql is easier to learn than postgresql .
if you use innodb engine for mysql tables , then you can count with fk , safe transactions , but a performance not as fast ( pretty in the same level as postgresql , which is good ).
while it is true that mysql is currently adding features faster than postgresql , it ' s because most of those features that mysql has been adding have been present in postgresql for years .
converting from postgresql to oracle has always seemed much easier and smoother , but postgresql isn ' t as popular as mysql because it hasn ' t been as easy to throw hardware at problems with scaling postgresql , whereas mysql has always made that option easier .
i really can ' t grasp why you find that mysql feel smoother than postgresql .
i ' ve been against mysql for years , just because i belived the " propaganda ", but then i had the pleasure of installing an up to date version of it suddenly realise how much smoother and simpler it feels compared to postgresql .
here ' s the latest , showing postgresql about 50 % faster than mysql across a variety of hardware .
for us , postgresql is a lot slower than mysql on the same hardware .
the speedy success of the hardware appeal ( target reached in less than three days ) was pretty impressive , but what really perked my ( postgresql fanboi ) ears up was the news that the new hardware was going to run postgresql , instead of the mysql database osm has used from the start .
it would be very interesting to see for example results on the same hardware just running postgresql instead of mysql or having sun box replaced with comparable dell or hp box .
postgresql was written to attack far different problems than mysql .
mysql has problems but don ' t kid yourself , other open source postgresql has plenty , too .
so i decided to try out postgresql instead of mysql but i am having some slight conversion problems .
but , i suspect you might have fewer problems with postgresql over mysql , as both postgre and ms sql are " acid " compliant .
a seperate issue might be whether postgresql is a better option than mysql .
postgresql is obviously the superior option , and you can take your stupid mysql advocacy somewhere else . . ..
another option ( if applicable ) is to migrate existing databases over to the provided postgresql , which offers better security and support than mysql .
we meant that before we ' d have clients where postgresql was a better option for them than say mysql or sql server and it was a really really hard - sell to pitch postgresql .
postgresql and it ' s lighter sibling firebirdsql are far superior to mysql which was always considered a dinky database due to the fact it did not support referential integrity .
but from installation point of view , it has been seen that postgresql is lighter and requires less dependency than mysql .
postgresql is so much better than mysql it ' s not even funny .
they choose mysql over postgresql , because they think that mysql is faster , and a few years ago they would have been correct , but now not so much .... postgresql is so much better than mysql it ' s not even funny .
why postgresql is a better enterprise database than mysql .
postgresql has always been a better database than mysql .
postgresql database is better than mysql for large data sets .
for data warehousing / olap stuff , postgresql is generally better than mysql .
for the database we use postgresql , because we have quite sensitive data and we rely on transactions a lot , and when it comes to transactions postgresql is just better at that stuff ( arguably , of course ) than mysql is .
and btw , people who need transactions and advanced features tend to use postgresql instead of mysql + innodb ... .
it ' s possible to take advantage of both systems by using mysql to record transactions , then consolidating data from multiple mysql - based applications into postgresql while checking for inconsistencies .
besides , postgresql is better and faster than mysql , and easier to set up and maintain as well ( now there is a statement just asking for trouble ) .
postgresql has better clustering support than mysql so easier to support larger environments .
personally i like postgresql better than mysql , but mysql scales better and is easier to use in a threaded environment .
the postgresql c api was so much easier to work with than the mysql one , because the parameters passed and returned were simpler .
hes using the venerable mysql for tracking user sessions and e - mail because its cheaper and faster and easier to maintain than his main oracle database .
if you can believe many diehard mysql fans , mysql is faster , more reliable , and cheaper -- or , simply put , better -- than any other database system ( including commercial systems such as oracle and db2 ).
mysql is on average 90 % cheaper than oracle , sybase etc . .
this is less than equivalent oracle developers , but mysql skills are much cheaper to maintain .
it is also believe true that mysql is faster , more reliable , and easier to use with the right price than oracle .
both of them them were slower than mysql isam but faster than oracle .
hope mysql performs well , performance is much better than oracle .
when i was working on mysql i felt its performance is always better than sql server and oracle .
creating a database in mysql is just create database xy , giving you a much better performance than oracle .
percona server 5 . 6 is also more up - to - date than mysql 5 . 6 because percona typically pushes out bug fixes and performance enhancements faster than oracle .
percona ' s stated open secret to remaining more advanced and current than the latest release of mysql , yet being drop - in - compatible , is its penchant for pushing out bug fixes and performance enhancements faster than oracle .
these contexts offer a couple of compelling reasons why mysql seems to be facing these walk - aways -- certainly better than the philosophy - based anger directed at oracle because of their past performance with open source projects .
mysql ( or postgresql which is better ) are much simpler to use and configure which makes then better than sqlserver ( and if you need a super large site , go with oracle and save yourself a lot of hassle ).
to my knowledge mysql is much faster than oracle for smaller and simpler database implementations .
it seems that mysql is simpler than oracle server .
there are a few surprises in mysql due to its simpler query execution engine than oracle or sql server .
pick one of the big names that has a free version - oracle , mssql or postgres will give you plenty to get your teeth stuck into ( sqlite and mysql are simpler ).
for open source aficionados , the acquisition puts mysql into a safer haven than oracle .
when using ruby on rails on oracle i noticed that my database migration tasks are much slower than on mysql .
mysql is maybe two orders of magnitude faster than our oracle database .
perhaps a bigger danger to oracle than mysql .
postgresql is a much bigger long term threat to oracle than mysql .
oracle is thinking much bigger and more strategically than " put the squeeze on mysql ."
knowing oracle is a good thing to have on the cv , but it is a much steeper learning curve ( oracle is a much bigger beast than mysql ).
some of the bigger players like oracle , db2 , and even some smaller ones like mysql , sell databases for multiple operating systems .
maybe it isn ' t widely used because of hardware requirements and a administrative difficulty ( like oracle ) greater than mysql .
sun customers running oracle sun hardware has long been a popular destination for oracle databases , but phipps said that many sun / oracle customers also run mysql .
meanwhile we ' re trying to convince others that oracle is better than mysql even though mysql continuously updates its optimizer statistics and doesn ' t have problems like this .
( we have fewer problems with mysql than we did with oracle !)
mysql isn ' t the perfect solution for all database problems -- and neither is oracle .
oracle is right to have leveled the crazy maze that was mysql support - option setup under sun microsystems .
with one stroke oracle can cause a pile of pain and the pr it would take from such an action would be far greater than the actual death of mysql .
mysql ( like mssql server ) sorts nulls as less than other values , while postgresql ( like oracle and db2 ) sorts nulls as greater than other values .
neither mysql nor java to a lesser extent can be completely owned by anyone , but oracle has some interest in getting some greater degree of influence over both .
i ' ve found that going from oracle to postgresql is much easier than going from oracle to mysql .
oracle rac is very scalable , arguably easier to do at massive scale than mysql - but you have to pay oracle money .
curiously , moving from sqlite to postgresql or oracle is easier than moving from mysql to either one .
also to connect to mysql is much easier than oracle .
and i really don ' t think that oracle is that much smarter than mysql .
one reasons it takes oracle longer to generate a plan is the oracle plan is generally superior to the mysql plan , which results in less of a need for hints .
these sausage stuffed mushrooms are lighter than typical as they do not use any bread crumbs , which of course is ideal for a gluten free menu .
the evening meal was the lighter of the two meals and usually consisted of bread ( real bread , not the soft white stuff we have in america ), cheese , sausage , fresh veggies and fruit from the garden , and wine of course !
it ' s harder than baking bread , but easier than stuffing sausage or decorating a cake and far more gratifying , at least to me .
it was easier to see the bread than the sausage , the bread is light colored , so you could just see the bread raining down on the people .
two lame slices of white bread , two slices of brisket , pulled pork that i think was really chicken , tiny ribs with maybe 2 to 3 inch long bones that was burt worse than albertsons delli and 1 / 10 of a sausage that was sliced way thin .
arrange the sausage slices in an even layer over the cheese - topped bread slices .
sprinkle half of sausage mixture , then ½ cup grated cheese evenly over bread slices .
arrange the sausage meat over the bread , then top with 6 slices of the cheese , breaking the slices as needed to arrange a single layer over all of the sausage and bread .
so , moldy bread is safer than moldy pizza .
for example : ham , cheese , pineapple , and bread kept separate are safer than hawaiian pizza .
i know you had gluten free version of the pizza but i think pizza dough must be higher i gluten because i always had worse symptoms than with regular bread .
if you haven ' t yet i urge you to try the gourmet garlic bread , which i thought was nicer than the pizza !
great time of year for pizza ' s but , then what time of year isn ' t ... i can ' t think of anything nicer than a quick pizza fix and fresh baked bread , for a relaxing holiday !
my tastebuds have long been spoiled by freshly prepared bread , and while the chicago town range doesn ' t have the depth of flavour of fresh bread , it ' s nicer than the overly sweet , overly biscuity taste many other brands pass off as pizza dough .
after playing around on several occasions with a bread machine , i concluded that a bread machine does a better job at making bread dough than pizza dough because of the programmed heat / knead cycle , which is more attuned to bread dough production .
also , the balance between gas production and gas retention is arguably more important to bread production than pizza dough production because you want a dough with good volume and forming and shaping characteristics so that the finished bread is of good shape and volume .
yes , it does still reduce the dough mixing time but in pizza production the doughs are significantly undermixed so reduction of mixing time is not as important as it is in bread production .
to my way of thinking , ash content is more important in flour that will be used for white bread production than in pizza production ( taking into account only the impact on crumb color ).
the jump to pizza came with the food ' s increase in popularity as more southern italians entered the usa , but the ovens remained outfitted for bread production .
maybe too proud , since i later allowed myself some banana bread pudding , but that ' s still a lot better than a slice or two of pizza and beer .
cindy snowden ' s clever idea for italian bread pudding was to start with a french bread pizza from the freezer case to save time .
being a master of neither , bread is a bit easier for me to make than pizza .
he really liked in on bread better than carrots or whatever , probably because it mimicked pizza a bit more .
pizza needs a bit less than loaf bread .
i like bread just a little bit more than pizza .
the bread on the table tastes a bit like left over pizza crusts - but they are good pizza crusts !!
i make my own dough when it was so easy in the bread machine ... even quicker than using publix bakery pizza dough .
so i went with my go - to pizza dough recipe instead of italian bread because it ' s a quicker recipe .
i ' ve read the bread builders , and then got onto this site and am leaning more toward the quicker - heating dome - shaped pizza style oven .
i usually use my bread machine and recently found out that the dough cycle makes better pizza dough than the pizza dough cycle .
add ingredients to bread machine in the order listed above and put bread machine on " pizza dough " cycle .
batch cooking , cooking , bread making ... so while i had the bread machine out , i decided to go ahead and run another dough cycle for pizza dough .
fourth , the knead cycle of bread machines can be quite long , more than what one would normally use for making a pizza dough .
notice that a pizza cooks much faster than a loaf of bread .
a flat pizza pie cooks faster than an oblong loaf of bread .
fleishmann makes a special pizza dough yeast that is faster than regular bread yeast .
i ' d like to host the occasional pizza party or have supper ready for my wife when she gets home from teaching , which requires a faster and hotter firing than a really heavy bread oven .
from what i have understood the soapstone will heat up faster but will tend to overheat ( if that makes sense )... read that it is better for pizza than for bread ovens best dutch .
experimenting with my own pizza over the last few years i always wondered how they got the lighter than air bread , or pizza slices .
sparse notes here while waiting on a pizza and being distracted by soccer on the tv ... lighter brown poor than most browns , medium frothy white , muted brown sugar , bread aroma , buttery , cocoa , nuts and grain , 6 . 6 .
i didn ' t think i could eat a whole pizza by myself but i had no problems finishing off my plate ( it ' s also because flat bread is a bit lighter than the regular pizza dough ).
i asked our server who said the pizza was delicious and the potatoes were not at all overpowering , it was just a thin layer , lighter than tomato sauce , over top of the bread .
as a result , pizza press ' pies aren ' t as crisp on the bottom as pieology ' s ; blaze ' s pie , while possessing crispness , has a lighter yet less satisfying texture on a crust with a presence closer to pita bread .
pizza dough is much easier to make than bread .
amazing pizza dough is easier to make than you might think : use approximately 4 parts high - gluten ( bread ) flour to one - part semolina flour ( optional ).
but pizza dough is a lot easier and much more forgiving than bread making , i think .
the shorter time for pizza is easier than bread , but you still want to know your temp .
btw i made great lasagne with it last week and the pizza dough seems easier to work with than the bread flour .
the pizza hut cheese sticks recipe is fairly complex , but easier than many other bread recipes as you only have to knead once .
baking bread is an even bigger draw for me than making pizza .
the bread was bigger than i remembered so i tripled the recipe , used two loaves of bread , and cut it pizza style .
steam use in bread baking is common , and i was hoping that applying steam to the rim of pizza would result in expansion bigger than a garden hose .
i can understand different ingredients seem to do different thing at different baking temperatures and i also can understand small amounts can make bigger differences in pizza dough than bread .
i think that was almost a bigger hit than the cookies - being able to enjoy pizza with the family is bound to make any 5 year old happy ( i can ' t think of many 5 year olds who don ' t love pizza ) and that was huge for her , especially since she ' s old enough to remember what " regular " pizza crust , bread , bagels , etc taste like .
and pizza is better for you than plain bread because it has higher levels of saturated fat and protein .
one splurge pizza dinner once a month is going to be a whole hell of a lot better for your health than your oxidized daily almond meal bread !
using that logic : pizza is better for you than bread since the cheese and tomato sauce ( an acid ) both slow down digestion and prevent a very high glycemic spike .
takes less than 2 minutes to chuck the ingredients in , the bread is much better for you than bought bread , and the pizza dough is great .
grilled pizza with roasted peppers , tomatoes and manchego cheese begins with a superior crust that includes hodgson mill best for bread flour to make it chewy and hodgson mill white whole wheat flour to give it body , more flavor and some healthy whole grains .
grilled pizza with roasted peppers , tomatoes and manchego cheese grilled pizza with roasted peppers , tomatoes and manchego cheese begins with a superior crust that includes hodgson mill best for bread flour to make it chewy and hodgson mill whit ... view recipe .
pizza ! oh , that ooey gooey slightly charred mozzarella over sweet sauce and lovely chewy bread .
of course the pizza was great and i used the uncooked pizza sauce over a crispy yet chewy bread .
it was soft , dense , chewy , and a little spongy like bread ... fresh - baked bread but it wasn ' t very pizza - ish .
not - kneading pizza is even simpler than not - kneading bread , if you can believe that .
we were told that pasta was faster than pizza .
i can make a classic tomato pasta faster than they can deliver that horrible pizza !
those nights have been replaced with french toast or pasta ( both of which can be on the table faster than take out pizza ).
i ' ve since found other pizza places just as good if not better than pasta mista , but because of the travails i encountered searching for pizza early on in my baltimore experiences , pasta mista will always be held in high regard for this blogger .
tomato sauce on grains or pasta would be better than pizza , however , because cheese can carry a lot of fat .
pasta may be in the name , but pasta mista is famous in baltimore for the pizza .
this fresh summer pasta dish comes together quicker than it takes for the pizza delivery guy to get to your house .
pizza is not a bad one but it does break down quicker and doesn ' t sit in your stomach as heavy , whereas dense carbs like potato pasta and rice tend to send your body into food recovery mode , making your muscles not as efficient .
short of calling for pizza delivery , there is no easier way to feed a crowd than with a really great baked pasta .
a light diet of clear vegetable and pasta soups , yogurt , jell - o , and pudding is much easier for your body to digest than a burger , fries , or pizza .
if you ' ve never made fresh pasta , don ' t sweat it - it was an easy dough to make and work with , easier in some ways than bread or pizza dough .
she can make her own pizza , too , but says the pasta is a lot easier than the pizza .
it ' s in a village hall so for me pizza seems easier than pre making pasta then heating up although there are kitchen facilities .
i haven ' t had da paolo ' s pizza yet , but i heard that it was pretty good ( i ' ve had good experiences with their pasta ).
italian food - pasta is a much better choice than pizza , both are high - carb , but pizza dough is super - calorie - dense , even without the cheese and toppings , i understand .
i ate lots of pasta and some processed food , which was surely better than the diet of pizza pockets , popcorn and mac & cheese that i had in my student days !
pizza , gelato and prosecco are all great , but out of all of the contributions the italians have made to our lives , there is perhaps none greater or more satisfying than the humble pasta .
while the total cost of groceries for the pasta dish is much greater than the price of a pizza , it ' s actually less per meal , about $ 3 . 50 versus $ 5 . 00 .
also my my last account a dinner of pasta , rice and veg is allot cheaper than pizza .
i think pizza bar is cheaper than warung pasta , but the taste of the food is standard - not too good , not too bad .
turns out they called it an osteria and only offer pizze and pasta but i am digressing ... when the bill came , they charged me for a much cheaper pizza than the one i had .
however i give this place 2 stars because they had pizza nachos which was good and tasty - better than the pasta !
no it ' s not pasta , but it might take that craving away just a tad , the way my cauliflower pizza crust is not really pizza crust the way we usually crave it .
the pizza looked better to me than the pasta , but i was there for the lunch buffet deal , and it ' s unlikely i ' ll be going back .
our local pizza shops make a better sandwich than either .
in fact , i should probably build a take away window on the side of my house because my pizza is better than most sandwich shops .
the first time i went i ordered a slice of pizza , as we were hungover and it was a better option than a sandwich .
the pizza station had a goat cheese pizza that was very good and the sandwich station had an option for a mozzarella / prosciutto / arugula which was tasty .
it isn ' t pleasant and no one looks forward to it but that said , it is often a reality of life and our asheville bed and breakfast favorite pizza recipe will be faster than going out and definitely beats a sandwich .
and the service is in the faster than a speeding bullet category : bertucci ' s offers express lunches , and at dinner you ' ll get your pizza sooner than some places can make you a tuna sandwich .
sure , i could probably order a pizza online faster , but i ' m no match when it comes to caramelizing onions , frying fish , or building a sandwich with fresh bread , sliced cheese , and extra tlc .
even a grilled chicken sandwich is much better for you than a freaking pizza .
and while , in most cases , a sandwich is better for you than a greasy burger , calorie laden french fries , or a pizza slathered in tons of fatty cheese , not all sandwich restaurants are quite as healthy as they claim .
in the past , though , i might choose the caesar chicken sandwich because in some universe , a sandwich is better than pizza .
the conversation kept circling back to pizza : " any food in the universe can be better with cheese ... one prover demonstrated a seductive way of eating a sandwich ."
why there ' s probably an entire universe where everything is just the same as this one but you had a slice of pizza instead of a fish sandwich for lunch .
overall , this was a just - okay pulled pork sandwich that succeeded more for its meatiness and doneness than for its texture or flavor , but it was a heckuva lot better than i ' d expect at a pizza joint .
two slices of pizza would be better for me than the dominos chicken parm sandwich i had for lunch just one month after i vowed i would never eat one of those things again .
we ate ours with some garlic bread because nothing goes better with a garlicky soup than garlic bread !
the mushroom soup ( canned version ) was a too salty , but the garlic bread was decent - soft , buttery and garlicky .
the soup itself tastes creamy rather than garlicky , and it ' s up to you how much aioli you spread on your bread .
i strongly suggest trying their garlicky french onion soup ( pictured above ) and for dessert , the bread pudding with raspberries , mint and crème anglaise is an absolute must .
while my wonderful soup was cooking , i decided what better to go with soup than homemade bread .
i personally , like the bread bowls , but a grilled cheese sandwich would be great too - and sometimes , i do go that route because it ' s quicker or it ' s just too darn hot or because i want to dunk a cheesy sandwich in my soup .
a simpler version is drickasoppa ( drink soup ), hot - brewed svagdricka was poured over porridge or bread pieces before being served .
it ' s perfect for soup night , holds up well to grilled sandwiches a couple days later and is lighter than most whole wheat bread recipes .
matzoh ball soup is way better than its flatter , crispier , more banal cousin , matzoh bread , but the bread is tied more closely to the holiday .
for some great soup recipes , you ' ll find them in that search i talked about for imbolc :) there is nothing better than the scent of soup and warm baked bread on a winter day ... truly .
the bread was easier to eat than the soup , for all that the warmth of the latter was comforting .
with good olive oil , a garlic clove , and your favorite bread , it ' s " more substantial than , say , a tomato soup with croutons , and lighter than full - blown tomato rarebit with cheese ," madison writes .
i should note that when i normally make pesto to eat with pasta or with bread , i go much lighter on the garlic , but this pesto was purpose - made for the following soup .
the menu ' s lighter fare includes onion soup with gruyere cheese ($ 6 ) and sandwiches such as the tartine de saumon fume - smoked salmon , green salsa , and lemon crème fraîche on country bread ($ 12 ).
but in a terrific way because they were the most amazing biscuits for soup tonight and far better than any bread ever .
this bread has a more dense crumb than a yeast bread but that makes it all the better to slather with peanut butter or to dip into a bowl of piping how soup or chili !
we ' ll alternate between different kinds of bread , which fills you up faster than a soup or salad , but always make sure to check the ingredients .
what makes this soup so tasty is the fact that the broth is super flavorful and isn ' t not super chunky ... it ' s definitely creamy but on the thinner side which makes dipping bread into it completely ocd and oyster crackers absorb the broth faster .
5 : 59pm - while being sad that soup takes too long to make , i suddenly realize that i have several jars of frozen lentil minestrone in the outside freezer and some bread that is getting stale faster than we can eat it that would be perfect for dipping .
the bread in xoco ' s sandwiches lean towards the crispier ( aka kind of cuts your mouth up ) side , but when dipped into this spicy flavorful soup , it ' s a myriad of flavor , textures and ingredients in each bite .
however , i still got to fully exploit the marrow ' s taste by scooping it out onto a couple pieces of bread ( and this was much easier to scoop out than soup tulang as these were big thick bones cut just right ).
in fact , when i taught this miso soup recipe in a class a few years ago , more than one person remarked that it was easier than cooking pasta ( and better for you , too !)
an immersion blender is my go - to appliance for making pureed soups and pasta sauces -- it ' s so much easier to blend in the pot than pouring hot soup or sauce into a regular blender .
i adore beans in my soup - in my opinion they ' re much tastier and provide more texture than pasta , and are generally also better for you too ( providing more nutrients etc ).
while i wait for the return , campbell ' s chunky soup sirlion burger soup is a fair substitute , and it ' s probably a little better for you because it has extra vegetables in it ... but there ' s just no flavor like the way the alphabet pasta soaked up the taste of meatball broth .
i like the beans , rather than pasta - makes for a lighter soup .
the soup was good , a lighter version than some , with lots of ditalini pasta and a modest amount of beans and vegetables .
well , she would probably have made her vegetable soup , the one that was always brewing on her stove , throughout winter ( and most of summer too , but in a lighter version - and sometimes with little alphabet pasta just for me ), so simple and easy to make , so comforting and healthy .
this kind of soup is going to do better in the freezer than in the refrigerator , because the pasta won ' t suck up a ton of water and get all bloated and mushy if it ' s frozen .
that soup came to mind last summer when she had a ton of leftover pesto on hand and wanted to use it on something other than pasta .
i find the people at nec and dell are much easier to deal with than those at sony .
side by side comparisons to other computers in the office put them all to shame ; sony support is more friendly than dell support , and easier to get straight to the issue with less ... .
it ' s heavier than the sony vaio t ultrabook , and lighter than the new dell inspiron 14z .
70 % sony svt13114gxx source : pc world the vaio may be smaller , lighter , and thinner than the dell latitude e6330 , but it just doesn ' t match up in performance or usability .
dell says that the machine is over 6 pounds lighter and has nearly double the battery life compared to similar machines such as the sony tap 20 , although the corporation declined to provide an exact number of hours .
the 15 " sony vaio se has the hard drive , odd , and memory available under a plastic panel with only two screws , and is thinner than the dell xps15 .
for a designer system , it ' s fairly unwieldy , even if it compares well against a system like the thicker - still hp pavilion dv5t ; sony ' s vaio fz ( or the upcoming vaio fw ) is a better example of a similarly - priced system that manages to blend a designer look with an overall thinner frame , though dell trumps sony and others in expansion and a handful of design decisions , including the single large hinge .
like the sony vaio vgn - cr11sr / p , the satellite u300 - 111 comes with a larger amount of system memory and is thus superior to the dell .
dell xps 14 - $ 1300 , 900p screen of questionable quality , good keyboard and trackpad , as heavy as the larger sony .
the exchange program will bring the total number of potentially dangerous sony - made batteries to over 8 million after larger recalls issued by apple , dell , and other computer manufacturers .
when they announced the much larger recall in august of 2006 , dell had come to the realization that many more batteries were affected than they , and sony , originally thought .
i never noticed it before when i was using my sony vaio laptop , but ever since i upgraded to my dell laptop ( which has a much larger screen and resolution ), you can really see how much space is being wasted :
for what its worth , most of the dell machines i ' ve seen that are portable are heavier , slower and less reliable than the competition ( ibm , sony , etc .) but the screens are actually half decent if you can secure the operating system .
for example , a dell laptop with the same specifications may be cheaper than a sony vio .
like hp and dell ... and a bit cheaper ( with much better battery life ) than sony .
while dell have a good brand with consumers , it ' s very much around ' the cheapest big brand you can get ' - i . e . people don ' t choose dell machines because they prefer dell to sony or apple , but because they are cheaper .
sony has been reviewing its strategy as cheaper rivals such as korea ' s samsung and dell inc . of the united states have chipped away at its profits .
sure dell do the same thing a little cheaper , but their screen is nothing compared to this , nor is any of the sony software there .
hewlett - packard is growing faster than dell right now for the first time in four years .
hewlett - packard co grew faster than leader dell inc , which again lost market share in the us .
hewlett - packard , which grew faster than dell during parts of 2000 , saw shipments decline globally by 3 . 5 percent and by 24 . 7 percent in the united states .
hewlett - packard , the no . 1 computer maker worldwide , fared better than dell because its business is more diverse .
recall that cisco shares were up sharply last week before john chambers started talking in the conference call , but for now dell is looking to be in better shape than hewlett - packard , which may be more reliant on the struggling pc business .
but dell relies more heavily on the personal computer business than hewlett - packard .
dell said business was lousy , now hewlett - packard said so too , blaming the poor economy .
carly fiorina of hewlett - packard has a bigger signature than michael dell of dell .
dell still gets a bigger chunk of total revenue from pcs and laptops than its main rival , hewlett packard co .
dell also appears to not have benefited much from the disarray at bigger rival hewlett packard co , which spent much of the last quarter considering whether to spin off its pc business .
san francisco ( marketwatch ) - it may not be the best of times for hewlett - packard co ., but the company is faring much better in this economic storm than rival dell inc ., which is seeing some of the worst of times .
dell , which has steadily ceded market share to hewlett packard .
^ quot ; hewlett - packard expands pc market - share lead over dell in q3quot ;.
unlike last week , when dell sent technology shares plunging by meeting expectations but forecasting slower - than - projected growth for next year , hewlett - packard ' s news was harder for investors to parse .
the data - storage company ' s shares rose 45 % after hewlett - packard ( hpq ) offered $ 24 per share to buy the company , better than dell ' s ( dell ) previous $ 18 per share offer .
dell has a 26 . 3 percent share and hewlett - packard has a 26 percent share .
however , " hds and hewlett - packard have taken a rather aggressive editorial license in promoting their storage solutions as being up to eight times faster than those of emc and ibm ," according to the report .
while ibm subsequently came out with midlife kickers for the power6 generation ( doubling up the processors in a box , but not in the chips themselves ) and , just a few weeks ago , noticeably faster eight - core power7 chips , ibm has not moved down into the high volume end of the server market , thus ceding that turf to products in its own x line and the alternatives sold by hewlett - packard , dell , and others -- including ibm ' s own system x and bladecenter products .
ibm is hoping that the combination of the new software and security tools , as well a more stylish and easier - to - service chassis , will add up and give the company an advantage over rivals like dell computer and hewlett - packard .
for example , ibm has rolled out an update to its infosphere traceability server that makes it easier to keep track of shipping containers , which comes on the heels of more sensitive sensors that were recently rolled out by hewlett - packard .
" on this we agree with ibm ' s direction , although we think it is easier for the armonk giant , with its large global services consultancy arm to support linux directly than it is for sun , hewlett packard and compaq ... it is worth noting that ibm was responsible in exactly the same way for the proliferation of windows nt , claiming for many years to be harvesting more revenue from windows nt than microsoft itself was able to do .
he also recommends stock of ibm , since it benefits from a rapidly - growing service business that ranks ahead of compaq and hewlett - packard .
but you wouldn ' t want the mix adjusted every day , just because the stock price of ibm today is a better deal than hewlett packard .
hewlett - packard jumped 3 . 7 percent to $ 30 . 56 after barclays analyst ben reitzes upgraded the stock , explaining that he believes the company could take share in the server market as ibm transfers some of its business in that sector to lenovo .
san francisco ( marketwatch ) -- shares of hewlett - packard rallied tuesday after a barclays analyst upgraded the stock , saying h - p is poised to gain market share as rival ibm corp . exits the low - end server market .
ibm is the dow ' s top dog , with a greater impact on the index than alcoa , bank of america , cisco , intel , pfizer , at & t , ge and hewlett packard combined .
taking aim at a greater slice of the corporate computing pie , hewlett - packard and microsoft said wednesday they would join forces on a three - year , u $ 300 million effort to sell more software and service solutions to large enterprises where common rival ibm is a strong player .
the deal to combine hewlett - packard with eds will create the second - largest technology services provider behind ibm corp .
it ' s not the software business of microsoft or oracle or ibm , to be sure , but it hangs together better perhaps than what hewlett - packard has cobbled together .
sony offers multiple apps as well as features like highest quality camera , waterproof body , sony music jive , sony select , google play store , xperia lounge , sony liv , hd display , sharpness filter , durable battery backup , quad core processors and outstanding graphics .
sony tablet z thinner and lighter than apple and google rivals .
sony has expanded its portfolio of android - based products with the tablet z , which is thinner and lighter than competing products from apple and google .
sony announced its long - rumored tablet z on monday , which it is billing as the world ' s thinnest tablet at 6 . 9 millimeters and lighter than rival offerings from apple , google and samsung .
likewise , we were impressed by sony ' s background defocus app , which is easier to use and faster than similar offerings from samsung and google .
former google employee : flying easier than using sony google tv remote .
i think google friend connect is much easier than bloglovin , and it makes you go into other people ' s blog and not just '' like ''.... my dear , 2013 started for me with some '' accidents '': my laptop crashed , as well as my sony camera ... that ' s why my absence from the blogsphere !
with stock google edition with no be2 , superior auto and other software mades by sony , i just can purchase myself another device called nexus that more cheaper compare xpz .
good luck to google but the cool - er isn ' t really much cheaper than sony or kindle and it doesn ' t have the advantage of wireless downloads .
the revue is arguably the most imporant device for google tv ' s initial success because its cheaper and much more practical for consumers than buying a whole new tv ( from sony ).
out of curiosity i checked some camera rental websites on google and found that the 1d c and c100 almost always seem to be priced very similarly , both much cheaper than the sony f3 .
" as with android phones there will be a lot of companies competing to make google pads which mean they will end up cheaper than ipads - and we all know what happened in the comparable situation with vhs vs betamax ," said the former sony europe chief .
the game industry is just a division for both microsoft and sony , they have bigger problems to focus ahead against apple and google .
manufacturers like sony are already bigger players in the media world than google and are quite capable of delivering content without google or android , so i don ' t see their rush to depend on google for their systems as phone manufacturers do .
sony may also find itself with bigger competition than just the upstart pebble , as microsoft and google as well as apple have been said to be working on their own smart watch devices .
while both lg and google hope their smartwatches will be better than earlier offerings , it remains in question whether the g watch will have a much bigger appeal than existing devices such as samsung ' s gear watch and sony ' s smartwatch , as it will function as an accessory to smartphones rather than as an independent product .
having played with some sort of cobbled - together sony ericsson xperia arc with a 2 . 4 build , the site says that we can expect an incremental build that seems to feature miscellaneous stuff google might not have had time to include in 2 . 3 -- random things like a new animation when deleting icons off the home screen , to much bigger features like visible video calling hooks .
sony has managed to start the android 5 . 0 lollipop update earlier than htc for its xperia z ultra google play edition smartphone .
already , sony offers the technology inside a blu - ray movie player for $ 399 , just $ 100 more than logitech ' s stand - alone google tv box .
google is not allowed in this spider - man movie save for the software that runs under the face of the sony phone - that ' s it !
most on point to the google discussion above is a case where real - life times square billboards ( sponsored by samsung ) appearing in sony pictures ' " spiderman " movie were digitally altered in the movie to contain advertisements from brands other than samsung and friendly to sony .
rather than pack in ever more pixels or flex its screens , sony is rolling out a number of technical and design tweaks aimed to make their benchmark - setting uhd televisions even better this year - and that includes a brand spankin ' new os powered by google .
getting dell to fix a wrong is easier than ibm , so far .
dell seems to think it ' s much easier to become an ibm than an apple .
lenovo has done a nice job of making customizing easier since the ibm days , though they ' re probably still not as good as dell .
although dell has a server business , it ' s lighter than ibm corp .' s , haff said .
measuring 1 . 4 inches thick , 12 . 1 inches wide , and 9 . 4 inches deep , it ' s 2 pounds lighter than either the ibm thinkpad r51 or the hp compaq nx5000 , and it ' s smaller than the dell latitude d600 .
the reality though is that ibm is losing market share faster than the titanic took on water in the blades space to better competition from hp and to a lesser degree dell .
most surprising , ibm is growing faster than dell in key segments of the low - end server market .
there will be review after review that shows a cpq or ibm system as 10 - 15 % faster than the dell system .
ibm ' s unit shipments grew by 19 . 3 percent during the quarter , faster than the overall pace of the market , while dell and hp trailed the pace .
ibm needs to keep its mainframe business for a time , but shed its other branded hardware server business faster than dell and hp .
look for example at dell hp or whitebox x86 servers , they are not only cheaper but they are also easier to use than mini computer systems from ibm .
since the mid - 1990s , sun and ibm have used 64 - bit microprocessors , which would seem inherently superior to the intel - designed 32 - bit chips installed on cheaper , low - end lintel or wintel ( running windows ) boxes stamped out by companies like dell .
dell in particular was way cheaper than ibm .
dell and other computers with same specs are $ 800 cheaper than ibm .
vasudeva said ibm is cheaper than hp on the average selling price and dell is cheaper than both .
balderston argued that ibm is well positioned to take advantage of this period of server history , with its greater linux server share than competitors hp or dell , and with more than 360 middleware products running on linux as well as 6 , 000 applications ported to the operating environment .
dell will continue to face formidable competitors , such as emc , ibm , cisco , oracle , accenture , hp and others , all of which will have far greater financial flexibility ," fitch said .
further up - market , ibm ' s configure - your - own - server offers far fewer options than dell and compaq , but offers greater discounts on pricier items .
dell is preparing to change as a company , becoming more like ibm and less hardware - driven as it seeks to gain a greater share of the enterprise market .
dell did not succeed because its products were better than those of competitors ibm , compaq , and the like .
dell is trying to match its competitors like hp or ibm by ... .
dell computer has emerged distinctly separated from its closest competitors , ibm , hp and compaq .
in achieving that distinction , he took on ibm , compaq , hewlett packard , toshiba , and many other pc makers , most of them much bigger and better financed than dell .
by far the best laptops for reliablity are the ibm thinkpad t - series ... even a used thinkpad is better than most new ones from compaq , alienware , emachines , or the lower end dell inspirons and low end hp ' s .
bawalker - dude you know ibm has maybe an even negative perception among some but i got this x230 eserver off ebay and i have to say i like it waay better than compaq / hp or even dell ( but not sun ) .
ibm , compaq , hp all worse than dell .
i have a fantastic 8 yr old mac dual g5 ( ibm powerpc chips ) which is faster for almost everything than my 1 yr old dell .
however , some people use ibm or hp servers because they have an enterprise license , or get better pricing than they get for dell .
unfortunately , in the process , it has tried to become an enterprise computing corporation -- one that follows the mold of ibm ( ibm ) and to a lesser extent dell ( dell ) .
it is a perfect example of the reasons why open source is a good choice for dell when it goes to market against ibm and hp who bring their own proprietary solutions to the table with license models and costly implementation and maintenance .
pricing for the two models isn ' t astronomical with the dell hitting at a low of slightly less than a thousand dollars and the ibm starting at about $ 1500 .
with the demise of intel ' s preferential pricing program for dell , it would seem the house that mikey dell built ( tm ) is suddenly eager to offer technologies that arch - rivals hp and ibm have been using to gain marketshare .
similarly , ibm is about 40 % higher than the dell or hp equivalent on their blades ( your street pricing may vary ) because of the perception of ibm as the blade standard and the speed to which the blue adherents signed up for more ibm tin .
since intel has introduced flat pricing ( which it should have done from the go ) to help it ' s lawsuit case , dell feels a bit left , compared to ibm , hp , etc . .
sony was a bit smarter than microsoft here .
now , hopefully sony is smarter about it than microsoft .
it highlighted how consumers perceive the ownership of their games , showed that sony was smarter than microsoft and emphasised the importance of pre - owned games .
sony does make better platform - exclusive games than microsoft .
sony is better at the game of games than microsoft is .
@ rjejr with the exception of destiny sony showed better games than microsoft .
as well , the catalog of sony only games is far better than microsoft .
sony and nintendo are much better at making hardware and games than microsoft .
sony is a superior hardware manufacturer , much better than both nintendo and microsoft .
now i was expecting nintendo to be better than microsoft but worse than sony .
sony can ' t be worse than nintendo and microsoft .
the 1st and 2nd party gaming franchises from nintendo and sony are just superior to anything microsoft can put forth .
our nintendo and sony is much better than your microsoft and sega !
and it clearly looks like sony has greater native demand than microsoft -- only the price disparity is holding them back .
the reality is that sony is releasing their next - gen offering in a greater number of countries than microsoft on launch .
so the chance of hsa being used by sony is far greater than microsoft and they most likely wouldn ' t have the latest version anyway .
if sony is selling the ps4 at a greater loss than microsoft and they sell alot more units , this won ' t be great short term if software sales don ' t offset it .
sony has developed a reputation for allowing its studios a greater degree of choice when it comes to what they work on than would typically be found at microsoft or nintendo .
sony is in a better position than microsoft to make something like home work because they are involved in more of the market than microsoft ( such as movies , music and electronics ).
he said he doesn ' t need those all in one system that xbox had to offer because the ps4 also is an all in one system and plus sony as a brand is so much better than microsoft in terms of electronics .
apple is a consumer electronics company more like sony than microsoft .
microsoft is a small company compared to the sony electronics group ltd .
but in our view , many consumers think these features are worth waiting for , and because of that , sony has a much better chance of actually selling every one of its machines than microsoft did , even assuming its price is higher than some may hope .
sony has more assets and higher revenue than microsoft .
microsoft games have a higher meta - critic rating than sony .
both nintendo and microsoft have consoles sales that are over 3x higher than sony .
one possibility is that sony charges a higher licensing cost per unit sold than microsoft .
when asked why the ps4 is so physically superior to the xbox one , the simple answer is : sony is better than microsoft at designing hardware .
in few years , after sony showcasing great and superior visuals with ps4 , just by surprise , microsoft will show same level of graphics if not better and will claim that they came with great and better visuals than ps4 .
when sony announced at e3 how much better it was than microsoft , it reaffirmed that the ps4 would be region free .
the ps4 specs that were shown from sony event are better than the xbox one specs that were shown from microsoft event .
i just think that in my case , sony has presented a better argument for the ps4 than microsoft has with the xbox one .
yet i think microsoft will have a harder time promoting the 720 than sony will the playstation 4 .
the playstation indie developers have also said that sony is much easier to work with than with corporate microsoft , when talking about the upcoming next - gen consoles .
with sony selling over 30 million playstation 4 consoles faster than any previous console in history , pachter believes sony and microsoft will launch new consoles in 2018 or 2019 .
sony are making much better moves than ms with the playstation 4 , but in all honesty , they are exactly the same as the microsoft .
sony has been trying to create a much larger digital presence and , until the recent store update to unify the ui with that of the vita ( or so i ' m assuming ), has been doing a much better job than microsoft really has .
but , for me , all sony has to do is remind us that they have a much larger ( and i ' d argue much better ) stable of 1st and 2nd party developers that will only make games for their platforms than microsoft does .
sony has a much larger name in the gaming industry than microsoft overall .
if microsoft wanted to have larger numbers than sony , they could easily have done that .
sony has sold more ps4 units than microsoft ' s xbox one but microsoft has been making a larger profit per console than sony .
but yes , i do agree with sony and nintendo having an easier time than microsoft just because of the content from microsoft .
at the time sony was being nicer ( linux , 3rd party controllers ) than the xbox division of microsoft and had the games i wanted .
this time around , sony seems to be in a better place than microsoft , but we ' ll see .
with the sony exclusiv studios and games everyone finds better gamingexperiance , than time exclusive content from microsoft .
it ' s not a question of the ds being superior to the psp , but the games .
the ds has many better games than psp .
keryk ds games have been rated waay better then psp games .
i am very happy with my ds and consider it far superior to the psp when it comes to games especially !
the sheer amount of games being sold for the ds is far greater then the psp .
nationally the ds numbers have been better than the psp , but then it is cheaper .
i couldn ' t agree more the ds is better than the psp by far because the ds is cheaper and so are the games .
i like the ds for 2 reasons , way better games , and its a lot cheaper than the psp .
i read that the ds is better for the real gamers , because the games ar cheaper than the psp .
it ' s how the gameboy and ds did better than the gamegear and psp despite nintendo releasing weaker , cheaper consoles .
in my opinion , a stock psp is inferior to a ds , but the added possibilities a modded psp has helps level the playing field quite a bit .
this is a no brainer for me seeing as i already see the psp inferior to the ds , and that i ' d also rather keep my psp over getting a new 3ds .
nintendo ds games are all , all , very , very graphically inferior to psp games .
of course everyone knows the ds hardware is inferior to the power horse psp .
the ds was inferior to the psp , until it was updated to the dsi .
ds is by far easier to emulate than psp .
ds is a much better system than psp .
this system ( the ds ) has better software so far than the psp , the psp looks better , but who cares if you bet bored .
i would buy the psp no doubt about it because its a much better system than the ds .
i wouldn ' t go as far as to say that the design makes the ds superior to the psp , but it certainly demonstrates how clever nintendo is in building gaming systems .
the only reason people have been saying that the ds is better than the psp is because they like the ds games better , which generally have little to do with what system they ' re one .
nintendo has been around way longer than xbox , and ds , is waaay better than psp .
the nintendo ds is better than the psp in many ways - it looks cooler , it ' s more compact , the battery lasts longer , there is a touch screen and it ' s actually fun .
the ds and gbasp both have a better battery life than the psp , but a new battery with longer life can fix that problem .
the ds lets me play old gba titles in better quality than i ever could have on the gba ... and the battery lasts way longer than the psp battery .
seeing as i had my psp longer than my ds ( psp , 2005 / ds , 2008 ), i ' d have to say that the nintendo ds is my favorite handheld so far .
even the nintendo ds is a better handheld device than sony ' s psp .
he added that nintendo had sold more ds handhelds faster than arch - rival sony managed with its psp gaming handheld .
although i dont have neither of handheld , i have played both and i say that ds is much better then psp .
sony ' s failed handheld your telling me that that the shity graphiced touch thing with rubbish games ( ds ) is better than sony ' s psp ( although the psp go has failed due to the enormous price tag .
the nintendo ds is a great game system i personally think that it ' s better than the psp ( game wise ) if microsoft comes out with a handheld system than it will be great .
ds sounds better than the psp since you mentioned liking the n ' s franchises .
also , the ds has as much new franchises as the psp .
i prefer any kind of ds over the psp any day . you can ' t find all your favorite nintendo franchises on the psp and never will unless you go into emulation . besides the psp is big fat and it falls out of my hand a lot easier than the ds does .
the ds is cheaper than the psp , hits american shores first and in time for xmas , and will have the usual first - party franchises as killer apps .
it ' s funny since the psp seems far more western - centric compared to the ds yet it ' s doing better in japan , probably from the sheer number of popular franchises over there which never see the light of day here i ' m guessing .
the ds is even easier than psp to hack but look at the succses it made .
i just hope the ds is easier to browse online , than it was with the psp .
the best part is that the games on ds are so much better then psp , and that the wifi on ds is much easier to use then psp .
there are screen protectors for psp , and the screens scratch and get ruined no easier than a ds !
the students at my school prefer the psp because it ' s cooler than the ds .
the same could be said of the last generation when the psp was just a bit cooler than the ds .
they say that confession is good for the soul , so i ' ll cop to a belief that sony ' s psp is , from a technical standpoint , cooler than the ds .
the psp sells well in the states and europe probably because it is seen as cooler , more stylish , and it has more capabilities than the admittedly plain - jane ds .
probably bigger than the visual difference between ps2 and xbox games . as i said before , psp ' s games will cost less and be easier to develop for . so if i ' m right then this means psp will have more games coming out faster than ds .
but psp version is the one to go since graphics and animations are way better than ds plus the bigger screen .
gta ds is " bigger " than psp gta games .
the sony psp - bigger screen than the ds .
that the psp was bigger in japan than the ds .
psp graphics better than ds , ds sells better .
psp has better graphics than the ds and the ds outsold it .
but psp graphics are far better than ds ' - by bulldog .
the psp is much better suited than the ds in graphics .
he believes the psp is better than the ds because it has slightly better graphics .
just because the psp can put out higher polygons and finer textures than the ds doesn ' t mean it ' s only limited to 3d .
the umd also retains higher quality sound and the psp speakers are better than the ds .
six psp games score higher than metroid ds !
the psp has an much higher rate of bricking than the ds .
the ds does not have more higher rated games than the psp .
the psp has managed to do siginificantly better than past nintendo competitors -- mostly because the psp and ds occupy different niches in the handheld console market .
for quite a few niches , the psp has a better range and quality of games than the ds - jrpgs , strategy , dating and otaku games ( if you import from japan ), etc etc .
psp is by far , a thousand times better than the nintendo ds - by console master .
i wanted console games on a handheld and i think psp does that better than the ds does .
i ' m not going to go into whether the psp is better then the ds , both consoles have their pros and cons ... .
what this shows is that the psp gets better quality third - party titles and that the average psp game is better then the average ds one , which this however fails to show is how much impact a game has on the market .
the psp has a much higher spec than the ds when it comes to 3d capabilities , but the psp market is limited .
noting the commercial success of the ds over the psp in the handheld market , wilson recalled , " everyone thought the ds would get destroyed .
and by that , i mean the larger psp form factor is much better for long periods of gaming than the ds size .
aiming to attract gamers with technological superiority , sony loaded up the psp with multimedia capabilities , online connectivity , a larger screen and faster processor than its primary competitors , the nintendo ds , released in 2004 .
the revenant wings on ds is because ds has a much larger rpg consumer fanbase than the psp has .
wich must mean the ds is the same size if not actually larger then the psp .
psp should be able to handle a larger rendered map than the ds version for christ ' s sake .
the psp cpu is light - years faster than the ds , but the ds answers back with better games and an easier to learn experience .
even though the ps2 version drops the multiplayer , the enhanced graphics and ( mainly ) enhanced controls make the single player experience much better than its psp counterpart .
i also preferred the psp controls to the wii controls , since it was pretty much identical to the original ps2 release .
despite the psp having fewer buttons , the controls feel just as solid as they did on the xbox and ps2 .
after reading more reviews , right now the psp games look pretty much like watered down ps2 games , with sloppy controls .
it ' s one step behind a ps2 controller ( slightly different angles that take some getting used to , but you will ), and has excellent controls ( two options : setting 1 mimics the psp controls , setting 2 mimics the ps2 controls ).
also while you ' re at it , make a ps2 guide , the compatability is better than psp , and games are easier to rip .
sony says the psp is selling faster , from launch , than the psone or ps2 .
this explains why the vita can emulate the psp , and why gamecube / wii emulation was done faster than ps2 , achieving higher compatibility in less time .
the psp system consists of a 4 . 5 - inch 16 : 9 - format tft lcd screen with dual microprocessors ( two 32 - bit mips r4000 microprocessors to be exact ) and will run almost ten times faster then current ps2 console systems .
to be honest , the only pros over the psp version have to be the slightly sharper graphics and faster loading times , thanks to the ps2 ' s superior power .
the psp is not a failure , its selling even faster than the ps2 .
the graphics are slightly less refined than the lost levels ( it may be from an old ps2 game ' s architecture , but it ' s still slightly better than a psp game ), but they ' re brighter and more colorful .
also , ps2 version of lcs is less brighter than psp version , so i included both versions .
psp ( 2 : 08pm est sun dec 26 2004 ) the psp is much better the sleek look of the exterior the graphics are equal if not greater than the ps2 .
the ps1 has also had an equally impressive slice of success , and the psp is selling at a greater rate than the ps2 .
( 11 : 11pm est thu jul 20 2006 ) ( and the psp is an even greater success than the ps2 ... as in being the fastest selling playstation product ever , not exactly beating the competition ).
they did , however , keep at least most of their promises true when it came to the psp ( and the psp is an even greater success than the ps2 ... as in being the fastest selling playstation product ever , not exactly beating the competition ).
over all playing the psp is no greater experience than playing a normal ps2 they rushed it out to fast ... read full review .
psp is easier to pull this off on than ps2 .
backbone entertainment claimed that psp apparently is easier to develop , and has more built - in effects than the ps2 .
" polygon for polygon ," he claimed , " psp has more power than ps2 ," and it ' s apparently easier to develop for as well .
considering the popularity of ps and ps2 controllers for playing fighters in the past , i was surprised to find just how poorly the d - pad on the psp , which looks almost exactly like a ps2 d - pad , performed .
his laugh is annoying when you lose seven times because of that pad , this why i prefer the ps2 than the psp .
but the psp isn ' t going to have a force - feedback wheel ; i doubt the pad will even be as suitable to serious racing as the ps2 ' s .
idk , it ' s just my opinion but i like fighters on my psp slim the best because i prefer the slim ' s d - pad over the ps2 ' s .
they ' ve included it in the psp version , but the problem is the controls for it are mapped to the d - pad instead of the right analog stick like we had on xbox and ps2 .
anniversary on psp looks sharper and lighter than it does on the ps2 version .
in fact , psp games tend to look sharper than ps2 games because , usually , ps2 games are running at a far lower pixels - per - inch level while playing on large tv ' s .
the psp 3000 has great graphics ( sharper than the psp 2000 ), similar to the ps2 which is a great plus but then the games available for it are so limited .
the psp is supposed to be only slightly better than a ps2 but often games purposely make them worse than ps2 because it is usually too taxing on the hardware .
even as the standard psp tops the weekly hardware charts , psp go consistently sells worse than ps2 and xbox 360 .
he feels that the ps2 hardware has much more to offer than the psp and that ' s why he chose to cram the ps2 slim hardware into a portable case .
actually , the psp has a higher native resolution so whether you play the games on the psp or on some sort of converter , the psp will always look better than the ps2 ( short of major budget differences ) - it ' s strikingly noticeable on an hdtv .
the psp version sold 193 , 000 units , higher than the ps2 title ' s 175 , 000 .
this is the first game i ' ve seen where the psp version is of a higher standard than the ps2 .
aside from that glaring oversight and higher price ($ 30 on the psp compared to the ps2 retail of $ 20 ), this is a worthy handheld compilation .
wrong answer ( 9 : 49am est wed aug 24 2005 ) come on - the psp is just a smaller , lighter ps2 .
maguire responded by mentioning the redesigning of the ps1 and ps2 , and said it was " certainly possible " that we ' ll see a lighter , sleeker psp .
ds will soon be the best selling console of all time - 4 years faster than ps2 .
i don ' t know , but the nintendo ds has ( so far ) sold faster than the ps2 did simply because their potential market was much larger .
still , the ds has managed to reach the 10 million mark faster than the ps2 did , just shy of five years since the handheld launched in march 2005 .
with psps selling for roughly twice the price of ds , it is certainly not all doom and gloom for sony ' s handheld , particularly given sony has shipped 17 million psps in significantly faster time than psone or ps2 .
by october of november , the ds should have a larger installed base than the ps2 .
in fact , i have larger ds and wii libraries than my ps2 and psp , and the list of ps3 games that interest me is also small .
fifty - two weeks into the marketplace , the installed base in the u . s . for the ds is larger than the installed base for the ps2 at the same time .
like you said : the ds pretty much has something for everyone at this point , as did the ps2 before it , and the larger install bases are attractive to publishers / developers because they ' ll typically angle more projects toward those platforms .
so the psp will be in a seperate market against the nintendo ds , and that market probably won ' t ever dwarf gameboys market , as gameboy advance sells better than ps2 .
the 3ds , ds , wii , and wii u has taken a large chunk of the market share from sony in the ps2 days .
deering said the ds will have rocketed to 150m users , but top of the home console market will be the ps2 with 90m active users .
the 360 , ds and wii games have more selection but the 2nd hand market for 360 , ps2 and ps3 games is whats keeping that store afloat .
probably because a ) the ds is fairly unpopular among adult gamers in the west and b ) the ds port of disgaea was significantly inferior to the ps2 and psp version .
ps2 was the most popular console of its time and was in almost as many households back then as the nintendo ds is in gamers ' hands now .
you need to bring it onto wii u also huge nintendo gamers who bought kingdom hearts series on ds that sold massive than actually ps2 ' s kingdom hearts series .
with nintendo ' s competitive ds and upcoming wii , it seems like they ' re trying to redefine themselves entirely for gamers who , over the past few years , have been more apt to pick up a ps2 controller .
since europeans tend to be casual gamers , older versions of consoles sell well there - the ps2 grabbed a 47 per cent market share in europe in 2007 , with the nintendo ds in second place with a 25 per cent market share .
matsushita : you can enjoy the brush techniques in okamiden just like you ' ve enjoyed them in okami on ps2 - but now it ' s even easier to draw on the ds platform .
if it was just a somewhat beefier psp ( as the 3ds is a beefier ds ) it ' d probably go down better with people , it ' d be easier for sony to play their long game with and god willing it could ' ve hit that same sweet spot the ps2 did and let us relive that glorious era for a few years more .
and s - shark , for ure information , a ps2 portable is 100 times better than a nintendo ds .
hell , even persona 4 golden , a vita game and a port of a ps2 game , sold better than dqvi on ds !
and though the ps2 sold the flat , simple graphics much better than the ds , the portable version of fsr still pops , even if the graphics devolve into impenetrable blocks of pixels at times .
oddly enough , the ds port restores the blood as red and still has the same rating as the ps2 version .
by blue champ i like the original disgaea game for the ps2 , but when my disgaea for ps2 broke , the next best thing is to play disgaea ds .
disgaea ds is an adaptation of the much - loved ps2 strategy rpg , this time with ds - specific touch screen support .
although it was originally made for the ps2 , i find that disgaea is a nice fit for the ds .
held in high regard by many ps2 owners , disgaea has finally brought hell to the ds - and about time too !
you are so write i ' ve been telling this to all the kids in my class but just cuz the radio said that ps2 is better than gamecube they think that psp is better than ds .
my guess would be that coming up with creative ideas for games on the ds would be a lot harder than putting a toned down ps2 game on a handheld , which is basically what their doing with the psp .
if it ' s a game i ' ve already played and loved , i ' ll almost always get the latest remake for the improvements ( weird exceptions like rayman ds , which is inferior to the ps2 version of rayman 2 , may occur , but are rare ).
i enjoyed the ds version of legend more than playing on the ps2 .
first make sure you have the ds version , i think the ps2 one has .
these figures should appear at least a little bit surprising as wii and ds both have more top hit software than ps2 even though the ps2 hardware base was bigger than either platform in 2000 - 2009 .
bigger screen , better controller , more comfortable , and even though it ' s sprite - based and has that nice upper - screen map , the ds version is not as pretty as the ps2 version .
easy when you think about it - the ds has a bigger install base . you can also play ds games on 3ds . i remember that after the ps3 launched someone asked sony why didn ' t they put god of war 2 on that instead of ps2 . they said the ps2 had a much bigger install base so it was better to try to sell the game to over 100 million than to the less than a million who had the ps3 . that is exactly what nintendo are doing now with pokemon black / white 2 .
yeah i ' m aware , but i figured since someone mentioned shadow of the colussus and ico earlier for ps3 which were also on ps2 ... also it more or less suited wii better and led to a sequel for the ds .
the ds version got a better review than the wii version because it was optimized to the device better .
sales of the handheld nintendo ds fared better than the wii , thanks to the launch in april of a new version of the device outside of japan , but ds sales were still down by 15 percent , at 11 . 7 million units .
this seems like a title well - suited for the ds , and drawing things most certainly has to be easier on the hand - held than on the wii version just because of the nature of the input device .
wii u should have been called super wii but anyways , maybe this is a 3ds / ds tv device like the vita tv .
nintendo ' s wii was once again the top selling console , moving 679 , 000 units , while its handheld ds device sold another 511 , 000 units .
the ds has n64 graphics , the 3ds in the case of resident evil is better than wii .
i found out the reason why mw2 isn ' t on the wii yet . it ' s because the graphics are incredebly messed up [ 5000000000000 times worse than the ds ] there in the middle of fixing the graphics there trying to restore the graphics to their normal wii state .
alot of people are saying that the 3ds is to expensive but you get 3ds and the ds libary , 3d , motion controls , touch pad , some games better than wii graphics , eshop , browser , ar games , face raiders ect .
the graphics are good for ds , but i ' m sure the wii one has much better graphics .
i ' d expect the ds to chug with graphics like that , not the wii .
ds version if far superior to wii version .
at first , the ds version seems better than on the wii .
the ds version is a markedly better effort than its wii counterpart .
the ds version is noticeably better than the wii version however , and if ...
i might give the ds version a try , i think it will play better on the ds than the wii .
as for the wii u , i think is does add a lot for gaming experiences , by having the normal button layout it helps for more complex games and it have a big touch screen in the middle to help for other things ( just like the ds ), also the wii u have the tvii thing for entertainment but we still need to see how it will perform and if the normal consumer likes it .
and can i just say that doing the inferno move on the ds is 50 times easier than trying to make an infinity symbol using the wii remote .
nintendo at times seems to be paying more attention to the ds than to the wii .
my ds lite gets about a zillion times more game time than my wii could ever hope for .
i know the ds has been in short supply at times , but not to the extent that the wii has experienced .
this is why nintendo 64 and nintendo ds cartridges never grew larger than 0 . 3 gigabytes , and why for the cube and wii they abandoned the solid state cartridge in favor of discs .
this was kind of addressed in the ds much better than in the wii , and they ' re obviously trying to get back to par with wiiu . 2 . " casual " gaming is not as monolithic as you state it is .
this was kind of addressed in the ds much better than in the wii , and they ' re obviously trying to get back to par with wiiu .
( because im pretty sure ds games will come to wiiu after the wifi shutdown for wii / ds .)
except it doesn ' t have a ds mode like the wiiu has a wii mode .
one aspect that ' s actually stronger on ds than wii are the touch - based pit actions .
you ' ll see the backlash when the next generation ds is stronger than the wii from a hardware and display standpoint .
sony and microsoft say " we can overcome the wii , no problem " but the wii is way stronger than expected , and then not only is the wii there , but it ' s little brother the ds lite is still totally kicking ass .
you know the same bubble that made em believe because the psp was stronger than the ds because the vita was stronger than 3ds because the ps3 was stronger than the wii it was reason enough to beat em out .
although ds appears as though it is not often talked about as of late in the u . s . as wii has an even stronger momentum , this graph illustrates that ds actually has been keeping its high level of sales .
the interface on the ds seems a bit easier to use for younger children ( my daughter is 6 ) than the wii version of the game .
the game plays a lot better than the ds version simply because all of the cuts and surgery applications are more fun to act out with a wiimote .
this has resulted in ruby running a fair bit slower than comparable languages like python and perl and far slower than java .
ruby is a language that ' s getting a lot of attention as a slightly cleaner and nicer alternative to python and perl .
maybe for you python is cleaner , but to me python is harder than ruby when i try to read the code .
ruby code in practice seems cleaner and easier for me to read even than python code , with all of its focus in that area .
don ' t believe all that ruby is cleaner then python nonsense .
that alone makes ruby code much easier to monkeypatch than python code .
strangely though , despite guido ' s user - studies , i find ruby code to be almost invariably easier to read than python .
as of version 1 . x , ruby does not support multi - threaded programming , has poor support for unicode , and is much slower than perl or python .
python / django / geodjango are a mature combination , with a somewhat slower , steadier development pace than ruby / rails / rgeo , which ... .
edit : techb , the reason why i think they might be using ruby because i heard it ' s faster than python , but i ' m just learning , so i might be wrong until someone posts a benchmark between several different languages .
mostly that the more clever optimisation we use , the harder it ' s going to be to separate ruby benchmarks better than python does from the ruby guys did a better job of implementing this than the python guys did .
your benchmark tells you only that this bad python programs is slower than that bad ruby program .
benchmarks these days show ruby 1 . 9 / 2 . 0 as being a wee bit faster than python , and it ' s improving .
( and both are a bit faster than python on my benchmark , and way faster than ruby .)
yes , that ' s right folks : according to the programming languages shootout , python , php , and perl are all slower than ruby .
ruby is definitely better than python , but still not perfect , and still an order of magnitude slower than statically typed languages .
i think different people feel more comfortable with different programming languages and cultures , but for me , ruby feels a lot better than python .
when i get time i ' ll add more about how rake and rails are just domain specific languages implemented in ruby ... ruby seems to be a fine language for creating little dsls easier than in python .
i know ruby somewhat better than i do python , so i use it a ( lot ) more , but i think they are both fine languages .
ruby , for example , makes embedding data within the application easier than python does , and python makes it easier than java does .
i think ruby easier to learn than python for a beginer .
agreed , writing ruby extensions is a lot easier than writing python ones .
i find ruby allows me to do that easier than perl and python .
multiple examples emphasize how scala pushes the jvm harder than any other mainstream language through the infinite number of boilerplate busters , increased type safety and productivity boosters from a java developer ' s perspective .
even if they are trying to speed up scala compilation , it ' s much slower than java / d compilation , because the scala type system is very complex and refined and the compiler has to work a lot .
i don ' t think that creating refactorings for scala is much harder than for java , things like type inference are irrelevant because i can access the ast of the compiler with all types inferred .
in java writing such code is a bit easier than in scala , since you write the type first , and then the variable name can be auto - completed ( the fact that there ' s an auto - complete in ides indicates that it ' s a common pattern ).
scala has better support for type operators than java .
scala compilation is about ten times slower than java code ( even with the fast fsc compiler ), and this makes programming in scala a little worse in practice .
it ' s scary without incremental compile ( sbt ) or long running processes ( fast compiler ) the raw scala compiler is 10x slower than java .
the build time for scala projects on android can be rather long since code has to pass though the compiler ( which is already slower than java ) and then it has to be dexed .
while you can do that in any language , java ( or better : scala ) is a much nicer tool to work with and offers lot more than stl and boost , especially for parallelization and lockless functional style of programming .
but i ' m coming from java which as i understand it , is faster than any other compiled language , and is fast because of the reasons i switched to scala ( it ' s a very simple language ).
scala sells itself in conferences as being good for concurrency , but i ' m simply pointing out that goodness is about programmer skill through correct library use , rather than any actual language feature ( where it is technically no better than java ).
in case it ' s not obvious , i ' m not trying to claim that python or java or c is a better language than sml or haskell or scala .
this particular example proves that even though scala has some overhead , its superior design makes it possible to create libraries that are not only easier to reason about , but also have better performances than their java counterparts .
and about interfacing to java in fact easier to call java libraries from scala than it is from java .
the scala language specification is much bigger than the java language specification .
i have seen discussions online arguing that scala is too complicated and some early enthusiasts go back to java after their projects become bigger and harder to manage .
and yes , it is fun to do some toys with scala but if the software grows or is bigger than a couple of thousand lines i still prefer to use java .
my experience is definitely " yes " -- however , it would be a mistake to underestimate the scala learning curve , which may be bigger than the java learning curve was for c ++ or cobol programmers .
i wanted to just generate initialized scala val s , but the java virtual machine has a 64kbyte limit on classes , and my data exceeded that ( each structure contains thousands of words and is bigger than 64kbytes ).
according to the creators , kotlin is designed to be nicier than java , and simpler than scala .
i first thought about writing it in scala , but then i realized that with java i could attract a larger group of readers .
until a much larger number of current java developers try to learn scala it will be difficult to know how much of a problem this will be .
studies and anecdotal evidence indicate that scala programs are from 1 / 2 to 1 / 10 the number of lines of code as compared to a functionally equivalent java program the larger the application , the more apparent this difference becomes .
and we find that you know , there are little libraries that we can write , even big libraries we can write like we have a like an analytics engine that ' s written in scala ; and you know , we plug this in to a larger java application and then we find that at the edges of this library , people start writing scala to interface with it and then it sort of grows out like a zombie virus .
one would have access to the wealth of java libraries , which are often better than their python counterparts , and there is the upward migration path to full scala .
scala performance is closer to python than java .
@ idl the python of java is clearly not scala .
scala is hard until you get it and then it ' s easier and better than java .
7 the scala class is quicker to write , easier to read , and most importantly , less error prone than the java class .
i chose scala because i wanted to learn it , and because its rich semantics tends to make coding easier and faster than java ( my normal language of choice ).
scala make some things easier than java .
sure , writing substantially longer pieces of code is substantially more boring , and writing substantially more concise pieces of code expressing complex tasks gives substantially more pleasure - but this still does not make scala any easier to learn than java .
scala compiler takes longer but byte - code runs at the same speed as a native java plugin !
if we had an alternative syntax of java which uses layout , then java programs would still be several times longer than equivalent scala programs .
you should be aware that scala compilation takes at least an order of magnitude longer than java to compile .
however i would recommend the java developers to learn scala as it teaches an alternate style of programming , and it will help java in the longer run .
my experience has been that scala is generally easier to read than java with minimal exposure to the language , and that the ability to use existing java tools such as junit would minimize negative impact to existing testing strategies .
true , they might need to read some code , but i personally think it ' s easier to read scala than java .
and i would argue the java 8 stack trace is much easier to read than the scala stack trace .
so that ' s why the scala code is so much quicker than the java code , it ' s this tail call recursion optimisation .
i also understand other people ' s code quicker when its written in scala than i do in java ( despite 15 looong years of java ).
even java is providing both modules and lambdas in the next release ; and even though it ' s been delayed a further year , is still likely to bring functional programming to the java masses far quicker than scala will stabilise .
squeryl is easier to work with than jpa / hibernate and the various scala options or dsls for dependency injection tend to be better than the java ee way .
actually if you are operating on that level scala is easier to work with than java .
and it is widely agreed that scala is much less verbose and easier to work with than java .
of functional programming languages ( such as clojure , f #, haskell , and scala ) make it easier to work with immutable data than imperative languages such as java .
i firmly believe that scala is easier to learn than java .
what i did see made scala look very powerful and ( possibly ) easier to learn than java .
as scala reduces a lot of code overhead from other languages it might even be easier to learn concepts with scala than with java / c ++.
( yes , there are better designed languages than scala that rise up to meet you during problem refinement much earlier , but scala is heads - and - shoulders superior to java in all meaningful ways , except at being java .
scala is much faster than java because for - comprehensions and maps in languages like scala are at least 30 % faster than iterations with while loops in languages like java .
other languages use methodhandles for what scala would accomplish via structural types , and in that setting mhs are faster than java reflection .
and languages like clojure or scala provide mechanisms to make the integration easier than with java .
my conclusion is that , beyond the basic examples , that is when you want to build robust , scalable and maintainable production code , scala is much simpler and safer to use than java .
for example , scala simply handles concurrency in a safer and more natural way than java does .
beware of languages like scala and clojure that intend to be safer concurrently than java - they still run on the jvm and integration with java code .
scala has an actors model (+ some other goodness ) which is inheritly safer than java ' s mutable data + locks on thread model ( no matter how good the libs are getting , java is still hindered by the language ).
both scala and clojure are substantially simpler than java , but vastly harder .
scala is syntac : cally simpler than java or ruby !
actually in scala enumeration has a much simpler meaning than in java .
scala as a languges is simpler than java ( it ' s spec is shorter , less keywords ).
java in turn has slow startup times because of the java virtual machine but then runs much faster than perl , python , php , ruby , and other scripting languages but slower than good c ++ or c . .
java is a static type language and it is safer than dynamic type languages like ruby .
languages which are interpreted ( php , python , ruby , perl , etc ) are slower then compiled languages ( java , .
php , ruby , and other dynamically typed languages are always going to be way slower than java or .
the reason why they moved search to java is simply because java scales better than ruby when faced with heavy traffic .
python , java , php , mysql and tcl / tk all generate substantial traffic too ( together much more than perl ), and ruby really hasn ' t made it ] .
not to knock the general excellence of groovy or indeed ruby , but , over 90 % of web traffic is to sites written in php or some java framwork .
this would put it near the performance of erlang - significantly better than python , perl , and ruby , but similarly significantly slower than c #, java and native c ++ .
python / ruby are much slower than java .
although the performance of python is worse than java , erlang , haskell , and ml , it ' s still better than ruby .
roughly , java is better for so - called algorithm refinement than с ++, and ruby or python are better then java .
mono ' s certainly slower than java , but it ' s also generally far faster than ruby or python , which most people would have no problems using for cross - platform development .
a native - code compiler is available , and according to numerical benchmarks , it makes erlang programs faster than ruby , perl , and php , albeit slower than java and javascript .
for the moment ruby is truly slower than php or java .
ruby at 63x longer ( or 30x slower than java ) should shut up all the java haters who witter on about ruby ( or php at 12 slower than java ) for web development .
and for you java programmers who are smirking because your environment is 30x faster than ruby , i ' m sure a ruby jitter is going to show up .
lastly , because java is a statically typed language , java ides still do a better job at refactoring , code completion , etc . than environments for dynamic languages although emacs based lisp development tools and the ruby netbeans tools are very good .
very interesting note : ' it is cheaper to build a scalable product with a fast development language like ruby where you can add servers as you need them than it is to develop in a slower - to - code environment ( e . g . arguable java ).'
+ 1 to the group that thinks that ruby is harder to debug than java ( just because i lack proper tools ) and requires more tests that i would have to maintain .
ruby may not be ideal for some of the less glamorous back - end tasks , but tools like rails gain so much on the front end that ruby meets a greater cross - section of needs than java would .
i think there are more tools for java than , say , ruby .
ruby tools are generally not as mature as those for java .
or as eleanor mchugh , the implementer of the golightly vm , described it : lighter than java , safer than c . based on her golightly vm , rubygolightly is an experimental reimplementation of tiny . rb , which in itself is a subset of the ruby 1 . 8 runtime .
both allow higher - levels and safer programming that imperative or oo languages , plus both have high performance implementations that compete with c ++ and java and are at least an higher of magnitude faster than scripting languages such as python , perl , ruby , etc . .
i , at least , find that my ruby or javascript code degrades over time more than my java code does , mainly because i get lazy and avoid refactorings that i would be more likely to do if they were safer and more automatic .
the last two were particularly important as they use static type system and compiled languages as c # and java that are known to be faster then other dynamic typed languages like php , python , ruby and perl popular in web development .
so i think that the future of the jvm is bright and i think java still has a place where you have large numbers of engineers that need to collaborate and where the type system makes that easier than in a dynamically type language like python or ruby .
how to split up your system into ruby - friendly constructs instead of java - friendly constructs .
a make system , is indeed much easier to create in fpc or ruby , because ruby and fpc are much more terse than java .
i find ruby far easier to work with than java in general , but the main advantage java as is great auto - generated documentation .
i should know by now that python and ruby are much easier to work with than java has proven to .
rails , as the combination of the ruby language and the rails developer framework is called by its coder legions , is easier to work with than java .
there are lots and lots of testimonials about working with ruby being easier and faster than working in java - .
so at the end of the day , writing ruby cocoa apps is going to be a whole lot better and easier than writing java cocoa apps .
our experience has been that grails has better java support than jruby and that building in grails is much easier and faster than building in java .
ruby is easier than java .
okay , i have heard it all : ruby on rails ( ror ) is so much cooler and simpler than java ee .
ruby is simpler than java and faster than java too .
ruby is definitely simpler than java or c #, and in general ruby is quite a simple and clean language .
this is generally because ruby code is so much simpler and shorter than java code , completing the conversion to java is painful in many ways .
this has to do with the fact that the language definitions for ruby and lisp are simpler than the one for java .
2 ) java has the gui ( using java . awt and javax . swing packages ) and is more powerful than ruby and a lot bigger than ruby .
in which i claim that java is not dead , and groovy will be bigger than ruby .
it ' s a pure business decision , the java market is way bigger than ruby and python put together .
according to researchers at sun microsystems , scripting frameworks such as ruby may be easier for developers to work with , but a full - fledged java enterprise edition application can handle a bigger workload .
( ruby and python have been around as long or longer ( in the case of python ) than java ).
there are a lot more useful bits of java code out there than ruby code because java has been out there for so much longer than ruby and consequently has a much larger user base .
also , ruby is an interpreted language and it may take longer to run than compiled programs , such as java , that are programmed similarly .
all languages have their flaws , ruby and rails have far more limitations than php , and java development typically takes 3 - 5 times longer than php development .
the end result should offer better performance and cleaner integration with existing java code then jruby , while providing nicer syntax than java .
simply using a language doesn ' t guarantee anything - you can write java code that is 10x slower than ruby code , and you can write ruby code that generates static html files that are 10x faster than java code .
and personally , i find java to be worse for reading code than ruby or python .
jruby over ruby compilation better performance and scalability than ruby ( eg : native threading ) native unicode support java api + java libraries jruby over java ruby language : dynamic typing , blocks , modules , metoprogramming ruby applications : ruby on rails , rake , raven etc .
where calling into java code was previously as bad as twenty times slower than calling ruby code , it ' s now a modest two times slower .
precision of floating point numbers in perl , php , python and ruby is greater than that in ecmascript and java .
in a 2005 article , curt hibbs famously claimed that ruby on rails gives 10 times greater productivity than a typical java framework .
not going to jump back in the argument , but i ' ll just fix this : precision of floating point numbers in perl , php , python and ruby is greater than that in ecmascript and java .
ruby is not as popular as java ( i don ' t claim java is better ), so there is greater demand for java developers .
ruby , for example , has some huge drawbacks compared with java , but its greater flexibility allowed rails to grab a lot of mindshare .
some folks are choosing ruby because they feel it is better than java for their project .
for smaller teams , ruby and ror might be a better choice than java for some projects .
when development teams pick ruby or ruby on rails for their projects , they do so because they feel ruby is better than java for their project .
also , while java may be slower to write and less expressive than ruby , let ' s not pretend it doesn ' t also have real benefits for many projects and teams .
we don ' t have access to any gartner - style metrics , but what we can say is that our ruby and rails work comes out cheaper and faster than the equivalent project in java for all but the most esoteric application architectures .
ruby on rails wins in this category because it ' s brief - smaller and thus easier to comprehend than java - without being cryptic like apl .
we come to java frameworks 1998 and found the java technology 100 % better for frameworks than c ++ or smalltalk .
in fact , java is simpler than c ++ and smalltalk in many aspects .
the highly interactive style of programming you experience in smalltalk is simpler , more powerful and direct than anything you can do with java , c #, groovy or ruby .
and if some group is going to retrofit transactional memory into some significant java or c # system , well , they would be far better off investing that time into a simpler , shared - nothing rewrite into a language like erlang , a simpler language like smalltalk , or even a better shared - nothing coordination mechanism like javaspaces .
as far as i know , the java situation is much better than the smalltalk one in this regard .
the situation with lisp and smalltalk is a bit more complex ; there are good compilers for them , but getting good performance out of those usually ends up being more work than getting good performance out of java .
another reason is that java is easier to learn and master than lisp or smalltalk which in turn raises the reason that universities chose to breed java developers rather than lisp / smalltalk developers , all this recursively feeded by the growing availability of libraries / frameworks .
( aside : martin fowler pointed out recently at the jaoo , smalltalk and gemstone still appears to be a more technically facile approach to enterprise development than , say , java or c # frameworks .
i ' d say that it didn ' t become mainstream simply because the marketting of sun java was better than that of any smalltalk vendor .
sun marketed java aggressively while the folks at parc place laughed and thought how could that inferior badly designed language win out over the superior smalltalk .
i mean , smalltalk was a server - side technology -- though the smalltalk companies didn ' t like that -- and sun initially thought of java technology as client - side .
when sun decided that java , even with its toy implementation , was going to be the one true language from then on , several of the self developers left and joined animorphics which was creating strongtalk , which was " the world ' s fastest smalltalk ".
smalltalk failed in the 90s more for poor vendor business decisions than technical merits - charging $ 1000s dollar per seat versus zero cost java .
all it needs now is for a commercial vendor to realise that bringing smalltalk like tooling to ruby could mean instant commercial success ( much like ibm did when creating visualage / eclipse for java ) and who knows where ruby could be in a couple of years time .
and smalltalk browsers are far easier to learn & use than any of the major java ides .
they were certainly first prototyped in smalltalk ( way easier to do than in java ).
lack of type information is a disadvantage , but the advantages of smalltalk made it a lot easier to make a refactoring browser for smalltalk than it would have have been for c ++ or java .
while qbasic might not be where i need to start maybe smalltalk or some other flavor of oop would be easier than java right off the bat .
search and replace in a nest of files isn ' t as easy or as accurate as a browser , which for example makes lisp or smalltalk easier to refactor than ruby , and sometimes makes refactoring c ++ or java in an ide easier than without .
cincom ' s commercial smalltalk is faster than java on just about everything .
at the start for sure smalltalk was and is still faster than java at almost everything .
by the way , to say that smalltalk is faster than java or c # once again shows your technical incompetence .
with this approach , anyone is able to learn smalltalk , squeak , and seaside much much faster than they could learn java , servlets , jsp , javabeans , reflection , generics , tomcat , xml , struts , ant , and an ide .
( the current performance of the java implementation of the solver , used for these timings , is much slower than that of either our smalltalk or c ++ implementations [ borning 97b ], making us optimistic that it can in fact be made substantially faster ).
admittedly its easier to do in lisp or smalltalk than it is in java .
smalltalk is better for this than java because there is so much less incidental clutter .
you will want to make public accessors for just about anything ( which may be another way that smalltalk and python are smarter than c ++ and java , btw ).
or even with its performance due to such -- in fact , when java first came out , it was several times slower than smalltalk .
please tell me what i ' ve done wrong , because i think i ' ve measured java as being 7 . 2 times slower than smalltalk on the same platform reading the same file .
huge systems have been built in smalltalk ( a whole phone company was built on it ) and rails and they scale better than rigid runtimes like java because they are more flexible .
for example , there are many times more java developers than there are smalltalk developers .
the ps2 was weaker than the xbox ( not sure about the gamecube though re4 looked better on the gc ), the psx was weaker than the n64 and the wii was significantly under powered compared to the competition .
now , i thought " gamecube " was a bad name , but the " wii " is about a million times weaker .
the gamecube and n64 were both more powerful than their competition and faltered , the wii was weaker and dominated .
the gamecube was much weaker than that ps2 and xbox so it sucked , but now that the wii has these stupid controls , no one will want to play it .
with the exception of the excellent super mario galaxy games , in my opinion the overall quality of games released on the wii was weaker than the nintendo 64 and gamecube .
wii u is selling much worse than gamecube in a much larger market .
though the trend ( shape ) of each graph is somewhat similar , the gamecube scale is far larger ( averaging a far greater # of high scoring games than the wii ).
i can only hope that market the wii u manages to carve is larger than the gamecube .
after all , nintendo seemed cialis jelly to be pushing the idea that online would play a much larger role on wii u than it had on both gamecube and wii .
despite the fact that the gamecube has a much larger userbase , pretty much everyone assumed that fans had already moved on to the wii .
memory for gamecube games , store up to 2043 blocks of information & is suitable for wii or gamecube consoles .
the nintendo wii has 512mb internal storage , this can save wii games , and mii ' s etc , but you will need a gamecube memory card to save gamecube games .
all you need is a gamecube controller and a gamecube memory card and you ' re ready to start playing gamecube games on the wii .
when they ported resident evil 4 to the wii with new controls , they managed to make it look worse than the original gamecube version which could be run from the very same console .
i ' ve tried wii game manager , which wont run and wii backup manager works with wii games but not gamecube games .
this wii seems to run wii games fine , but has a problem when i try to run gamecube games .
no , wii compatibility works the same way as gamecube compatibility on the wii , in that the wii u uses wii hardware to run wii games .
the wii u could still be a worse than gamecube disappointment and it still might be better to just take it .
the wii does not read anything smaller than a gamecube disk .
unlike the wii games , when you put a gamecube game in , it just shows up as a small disk with no artwork .
hi guys , this place has been very helpful with most of my wii problems but i was wonder today if leaving the gamecube disk in my wii will cause problems .
the wii is pretty much a smaller gamecube with new controller , new design , new os and a regular disk drive instead of using tiny discs ...
sooo yesterday i tryed useing the wii downgrader but i was disapointed lol ... i hoped that after downgrading my wii i ' ll be able to use my action replay for gamecube but it still won ' t read the disk ... verry disapointing : p
sometimes i feel like wii games look worse than gamecube games and are closer to the n64 in terms of visual quality .
mario galaxy was not better than sunshine because it used a wiimote instead of a gamecube gamepad .
however , you don ' t plug the gamecube controller into the wiimote , but instead directly into the wii .
however , the wiimote and all wii functions are disabled once you start the gamecube game .
the poor ps3 integration makes me very glad nintendo released the wii rather than add on gamecube wiimote controllers .
the gamecube controller is actually much easier to use than the classic controller that plugs into the wii remote .
for those who are used to using a standard controller , options exist to play with the classic controller , as well as the gamecube controller , but i found it to be much more comfortable , quicker , and easier to use the wii remote and nunchuk .
the wii u gamepad has been reverse - engineered by the developers behind the dolphin gamecube / wii emulator , with the controller ' s functions completely simulated on pc .
wii , wiiware , and virtual console games will be supported on wii u much the same way that gamecube titles were supported on wii , without any special features or gamepad support .
if the gamecube adjusted for inflation is $ 260 , then we ' re getting the gamepad for a mere $ 40 since the gamecube is comparable to basic 8gb wii u edition .
however , the wii - u gamepad / pro controller can do quite a bit more than the gamecube controller , despite being less comfortable .
the n64 is the gretest revolution in nintendo history , except for the wii , because it intoduced true 3 - d graphics , better games , and better everything else , the only thing greater than it is the wii , the gamecube is still good though .
naturally , we are making efforts so that wii will show a far greater result than gamecube .
the wii has a potential far greater than that , certainly greater than the gamecube , and it seems idiotic for nintendo to not be making a more concerted attempt to capitalise on the huge media and consumer interest in the product .
the tight focus on a set amount of content has also allowed the team to craft one of the best - looking games on the wii - and this is arguably the first title to actually show that the system has potential greater than its predecessor , the gamecube .
all wii games have sold better than their gamecube predecessors .
when the specs for the console were first announced , gaming aficionados rightly assumed that most wii games would look better than gamecube games , but worse than games on the 360 .
nintendo started slow , the wii u may have better games than gamecube that i believe it could and even sell better than gamecube .
the wii is better than the gamecube but the current games haven ' t really shown that potential .
wiis 1tsram is better than gamecubes wiis gddr3 is better than xbox ram and wiis disc is way larger storage than xbox but way faster loading than gamecube .
the wii is 200mhz faster than the gamecube !!
the wii is even faster then the gamecube ...
that said , the wii is much faster than the gamecube .
the wii controls are really outstanding , the proof is that the game is easier than the gamecube version .
the wiimote makes aiming weapons much easier than using analog sticks , but for those that still prefer standard controls , the classic controller and gamecube controller can be used .
wii to ds play was expected but considering everyone and their dog owns a ds , it should be easier to play than the gamecube one .
maybe it was easier to do a remake than port it over , maybe the wiiu won ' t support straight gamecube ports as we all thought it would .
all those games rock , i admit that all the wii games are alot easier than the gamecube versions but it ' s because they want to draw in non gamers as well as us .
wii sports is better than gamecube graphics .
wii has better graphics than gamecube , you ' ll soon see .
the graphics on the wii are slightly better than the graphics on the gamecube .
wii : graphics are slightly better than gamecube no matter what they say .
the wii was far better supported than the n64 and gamecube because it sold more .
he thinks so because the wii is getting the attention of devs much better than gamecube or n64 did .
speed thrills mario kart wii definitely looks quicker than the gamecube and n64 versions all round , no matter which two - or four - wheeled vehicle you ' re controlling .
the wii u may be lower in sales than wii , but it is still selling better than n64 , gamecube , xbox , xbox360 , or ps3 did during the same time frame .
the wii console , he said , is hardly better than two gamecube consoles duct - taped together .
the wii u is a better piece of hardware than the wii , the gamecube or any other nintendo home console .
graphics has only not been nintendos style since the wii , everyone seems so quick to judge ... all their other consoles where superior upon release ( aside of gamecube vs xbox , but still gc was superior to ps2 hardware wise ).
i bought a wii because of virtual console and because it supposedly had better graphics than gamecube .
it ' s bigger than a wii remote but lighter , and feels just like you were holding the dualshock , in the same way the wii remote and nunchuk still somehow manages to make you feel like you ' re holding an n64 or gamecube controller .
first of all the wii mote controls while not terrible are inferior to giving the option to use a gamecube controller .
the wii u pro controller could be better than the gamecube for smash , but they are also significantly more expensive .
keep it classic : while the wii remote and nunchuk control scheme works better than i ' d expected , the option for gamecube and wii classic controller is a godsend .
meaning that if you had any desire to have a wii sports game on the older wii with your grandparents or a smash bros tournament with the vastly superior gamecube controllers , consider your night ruined .
the tech in the wii is over seven years old ( even older given its based on gamecube hardware ).
i wish i had an older wii instead of the black one so i could play gamecube backups
the load times for wii u games is longer than games on the gamecube , a console that ' s two generations older .
i ' ve honestly spent more time playing some great , older gamecube games on it than i ' ve spent playing wii games .
these figures are especially noteworthy , as they mean the wii u had a worse month than xbox 360 or playstation ... more
however it ' s folly to assume that playstation 4 or xbox one have any hope of performing sensationally better than wii u has in its first six months at this pont .
the nintendo wii u allegedly sold just 57 , 000 consoles in the first month of the year , worse than any month in the xbox 360 or playstation 3 ' s histories .
for the past five years my answer was always the same : xbox 360 , a platform which had historically been cheaper than the playstation 3 , with access to a library of games far superior to that of the nintendo wii .
though the graphics on the wii are not nearly as impressive as those of the 360 and ps3 , it ' s significantly cheaper and easier to find than the playstation 3 and again , offers a totally different experience than the 360 .
the wii was far cheaper than the xbox 360 or playstation 3 .
now playstation and xbox are at their prime and they are cheaper than the wii - u .
the playstation 3 version of the game is superior to the wii version , as it includes hd graphics .
well , on the one hand , playstation 3 and xbox 360will undoubtedly have better graphics than the wii , especially in terms of resolution , as they support hd .
sony ' s vice president scott rohde said back in june that the playstation vita was better than the wii u , referring to it as a box that sits under the tv .
sony ' s scott rohde believes the vita ' s connectivity with the playstation 3 is a better solution to multi - screen gaming than either nintendo ' s wii u game pad or microsoft ' s smart glass mobile initiative .
nintendo ' s been famously hesitant to acknowledge that this might be an area in which the hd - capable xbox 360 and playstation 3 consoles are superior , but the recent release of a netflix disc for the nintendo wii put that console ' s failings in sharp relief .
sony has said that its upcoming magic ' em up sorcery will prove that the playstation move is superior to both the wii and kinect , claiming that it ' s more hardcore than other motion games .
the technology behind it all might be vastly superior but the level of control and the nature of the games are almost identical to the wii - and arguably inferior to playstation move and wii motionplus .'
fans of the wii u should not expect to play games looking better than what is available now on the xbox 360 and playstation 3 , but they will be a step up from the wii .
in my testing with the sports champions demo games , the experience with the playstation move was superior to that of the wii .
the nintendo wii u ' s processor is slower than its counterparts in the years - old xbox 360 and playstation 3 , and the wii u graphics chip either matches or is slightly faster than its rivals ' graphics chips .
in fact , the wii -- pronounced we -- has proved more popular and harder to nab than sony corp .' s higher - tech , higher - price and highly touted playstation 3 , which has superior graphics and a built - in , next - generation dvd player .
but the wii - specific version disappoints with a complete lack of online play and graphics that are simply too inferior to the xbox 360 and playstation 3 versions .
it ' s easy to see that the playstation 3 was graphically superior to its competitors the xbox 360 and the nintendo wii and in the next generation , the ps4 graphics are once again set to be superior to all other console competition .
excerpt : along with some of the interesting new exclusive games , the wii u launch is filled out by a bunch of ports , some of which are worse than their older playstation 3 and xbox 360 counterparts .
flatout for wii doesn ' t even compare well to 12 + year - old games on older consoles like the playstation 2 and gamecube .
article nintendo wii buyers guide the nintendo wii targets a much broader audience than the sony playstation 3 and microsoft xbox 360 , including younger players as well as older generations too .
the $ 300 wii u plays older wii games and adds not only high - definition graphics to compete against the xbox 360 and playstation 3 , but also a few new wrinkles of its own .
the playstation 3 has better graphic capabilities than xbox 360 or wii ... the xbox 360 has better online capabilities than the playstation 3 or wii ... and the wii has better and longer lasting gameplay .
the xbox 360 and playstation 3 will have a much longer life expectancy than the wii .
playstation has had the move controller in development longer then nintendo wii so they obviously didn ' t copy nintendo .
gamers have bought more playstation 4 consoles than wii u ' s , even though the nintendo machine has been out a year longer .
despite being on sales for a year longer the playstation 4 has sold 500 , 000 units more than the wii u lifetime .
the wii has been hit harder than microsofts ' s xbox and sony ' s playstation because it caters to families and casual gamers .
it does seem that the strongest users of the wii are still families with younger children who not yet old enough for the xbox 360 or playstation 3 .
the wii has a lot more games for kids and families while they playstation 3 has a very high cool factor - ps # games tend to be more adult or slanted towards boys .
many kids and families buy the wii because it ´ s " new " and " cool " but when kids get older i think they will be more interested in shooters or adventures on playstation 3 or so .
the only reason playstation whipped up the move was to bring on some bored casual gamers that wanted something better than wii .
while wii u ' s global sales may not instill all that much faith in nintendo gamers , the company ' s console is doing a whole heck of a lot better than playstation 4 in japan .
launching september 17 , ($ 99 . 99 starter bundle ) the wand - like playstation move claims to offer greater precision than the wii remote when translating gamers ' physical movements into on - screen actions .
on the other hand , sony believes that its upcoming playstation move , which uses advanced motion sensors and the playstation eye camera to capture every movement , is better than nintendo ' s wii , and will offer gamers most immersive gaming experience possible .
xbox and playstation games aren ' t magically better than nintendo games because the consoles are more powerful than the wii .
at this point i should make clear that declaring the playstation 4 and xbox one wont sell much better than wii u is different from me suggesting that wii u will outsell those consoles .
about graphics compared with other consoles , of course playstation 4 version looks better , but wii - u one looks far better than xbox - 360 and playstation 3 ones .
while it would make a sensational tabloid story , the next generation consoles playstation 4 and xbox one are unlikely to sell better than nintendo ' s wii u console .
console and gamepad design while the wii u looks as slender and compact as the original wii , it ' s much heftier ( but still more than a pound lighter than the recently slimmed - down sony playstation 3 ).
not fun ... i managed to fix a wii console slot loading device and that took me like 2 - 3 hours and that would have been far easier than a playstation .
according to adams , after working with the wii u dev kit , creating games around nintendo ' s new hardware is a lot easier than the playstation 3 and on par with the xbox 360 .
in tweets , linzner describes wii u development as straightforward and much easier compared to playstation 3 and xbox 360 .
from my experience , it ' s much easier to start up a conversation about the wii than my playstation 3 , and a lot more of my friends own that instead of the xbox 360 or the playstation 3 .
while the wii launch was considerably smoother than that of the xbox 360 and playstation 3 , it was not without its problems .
at the very least , the wii version - at least in this still early stage of development - runs at a far smoother framerate than the xbox 360 and playstation 3 editions .
this places the japanese wii population at four times greater than that of the playstation 3 .
i find the playstation network 10 times slower than the wii u and you dont hear people complain about that !!
additionally , the report claims despite continued shortages , wii has managed to become the fasting selling console of all time selling at a greater pace than the most widely purchased console in history , sony ' s playstation 2 .
while the wii u ' s hardware is about 1 . 5 times faster than the current playstation and xbox , the next - generation systems coming this holiday season will blow it out of the water .
the playstation 4 may have an easy run against the xbox one , making quick work of microsoft ' s proxy in less than than two months , but they ' ll certainly have a harder time on their hands with the wii u . .
he points out to the fact that his company will be forced to so because business is business , the xbox 360 and wii are selling better than the playstation 3 , giving better returns on investment .
he ' s got a chart - he showed it at a business conference in new york yesterday - that shows the wii is still selling faster than the the playstation 2 , the juggernaut of the last generation of gaming consoles , did in the same amount of time .
in the video game business , its sony playstation has been struggling for market share ever since nintendo ( ntdoy ) launched its wii gaming console in 2006 .
while the wii u shows promise , i think the hardware isn ' t enough to keep nintendo in on the 3rd party business once we see a new xbox and playstation .
nintendo has announced that wii has passed the one million sales figure in just 38 weeks , some 11 weeks quicker than was achieved with the playstation 2 and 22 weeks faster than the xbox 360 .
slides highlighted that according to nintendo data , wii hardware is selling faster than that of the playstation 2 , and wii software shows a similar trend .
wii has passed the one million sales figure in just 38 weeks , some 11 weeks faster than the playstation 2 and 22 weeks faster than the xbox 360 , said a statement from nintendo .
media create tracks sales in japan every week , and comparison shows that wii u is now selling at a faster pace than playstation 3 .
in other words , pachter believes that the wii has flown off shelves faster than the playstation 2 did in its first two years of existence .
eurogamer claims that the wii u gamepad ' s connectivity with the television is substantially greater than the playstation portable ' s heavily buffered remote play function .
wii u has graphical capabilities greater than xbox 360 and playstation 3 , but it won ' t be as graphically intensive as playstation 4 and xbox 720 .
if you really were smart , in any way , than you would notice a wii u destroying console releasing in 2013 would have near , same , or even greater prices than the playstation 3 launch .
the lack of sword games on the wii is equal to or greater than the mysterious lack of fps on the ds .
drawn to life : the next chapter didn ' t exactly have a great response from the critics upon its release and presumably development costs and time for the wii are much greater than for the ds .
the game even takes advantage of the greater presentational capabilities the wii offers over the ds .
interestingly , while six wii titles have sold over 20m units , only three ds games have reached the same milestone , despite the much greater number of ds consoles sold .
the wii gave developers options , just like the ds but unlike the ds , the wii has greater competition and with such drastically different specs , for many 3rd parties it ' s just too underpowered and too different .
the wii is selling faster than the ps2 , the ds , or anything else that came before it .
but the iphone , unlike the wii , actually has a higher resolution screen and a faster processor than the psp or the ds .
the wii u is just about to hit it ' s 3rd month , way too early to give up on it yet , and 3ds is selling faster than ds .
by november , wii hit 200 , 000 , a feat achieved in the record time of 50 weeks - faster than ps2 and nintendo ds , which both took 55 weeks .
it has been almost three years since the surprisingly popular wii started selling faster than nintendo could produce them and nearly five years since the original nintendo ds handheld game player was unleashed .
the wii game obviously looks better than its ds counterpart , but both represent the record breaking events in a fun way .
scooby - doo and the spooky swamp for the ds , the second scooby - doo game from developer torus games , is a very good beat -' em - up that features fun gameplay and lots of collectables , but a few annoying problems make it inferior to the similar wii version .
it ' s not much fun on the ds , but brilliant on the wii .
wii isn ' t going to let the ds have the fun all to itself .
shack : telltale ' s got several wii games under its belt , and industry trends seems to suggest that it ' d be easier to port from wii to psp than nintendo ds .
a few titles that caught our eye include spider - man friend or foe for wii , are you smarter than a 5th grader for ds , and gangs of london for psp .
in a years time the wii will have significantly better graphics than it does now ( although its not that important , the gameplay is the main thing - look how the ds is doing compared to the psp ).
the wii obviously was just slightly better than ps2 / xbox in terms of graphics / processing , the nintendo ds was behind the psp in said categories as well , and even the 3ds can only really match the psp still , and is behind the vita in graphics / processing as well .
the wii version is somewhat better than the ds one if you have multiple users , as they no longer share one house , instead having your own one for each user .
since the wii game featured ir - based mini - games for changing tires and filling gas during longer races , these touch - based actions translate better on ds than wii , as you get an actual tactile feel .
- the wii version is longer than the ds version .
c ) the ds still tops the sales charts and it ' s been out longer than the wii .
i thought the series would hang out on the ds for a little while longer or start gravitating toward the wii .
i definitely recommend trying the wii game first : it ' s worlds friendlier than the ds game .
in a sense , playing fifa 13 on the wii u is almost like playing a much larger version of the ds .
more specifically , the ds game works great on the dual screens , while the wii has enhanced visuals to look good on larger tv ' s .
the numbers that we are able to sell for the wii are not significantly higher than for ds , but the investment required is larger .
the portable ds is nintendo ' s best - selling game console ever , with over 930 million units sold , while the larger wii has sold over 863 million units .
but to the average consumer who wants that zelda game in the shelf and finds out that need to upgrade from a wii to a wii u and that gamepad in the demo booth is not another larger ds .
ideal hardware : you may think it ' s the wii , but it ' s actually the ds .
ds : second highest penetration overall ( higher than the wii ), but extremely limited in hardware .
the wii actually sells half the hardware , and 40 % of the software compared to the ds .
puzzle kingdoms on the wii turned out to be a better game than the ds version -- the core mechanics are rock solid .
at least the wii version turned out a bit better than the nintendo ds version , which is surprising considering that puzzle games seem to work better as a portable experience .
as far as i can tell when you load a ds game the 3ds os shuts down and it restarts as a ds , a bit like the wii will turn into a gamecube to run gc games , and a wiiu into a wii .
subsequent hardware units under iwata ' s tenure , including the nintendo 3ds and wii u , were not as successful as the ds and wii , and nintendo ' s finances took a downward turn starting in 2010 .
the wii is childish and gimmicky , and i honestly don ' t believe they ' ll be able to turn the gimmick around like they did with the ds .
the ign , gamespot , and gamespy reviews noted the gamecube version features superior graphics , substantially faster loading times , and more responsive controls than the playstation 2 version , resulting in lower scores for the latter .
the gamecube is a lot faster than the playstation .
early sales figures indicate gamecube is even selling 25 percent faster than playstation 2 did after last year ' s launch .
through its first week of availability , nintendo gamecube sold more than one - half million systems to consumers , at a rate nearly twice that of microsoft ' s xbox , and at least 25 percent faster than the launch of sony ' s playstation 2 last year .
( on cam ) with the holiday shopping season in full swing , nintendo says its new game cube console is hitting the jackpot in north america . during its fist week on the market here , nintendo shipped 740 thousand unitse of gamecube .. nearly twice that of msft ' s xbox and at least 25 percent faster than the launch of sony ' s playstation 2 last year .
some older consoles , like zsnes for the super nes and pcsx for the playstation , will be available directly from the ubuntu software center ; newer consoles , like dolphin for gamecube / wii and pcsx2 for the ps2 , require that you add the developers ' ppas .
it ' s closing on 100 million units sold worldwide ( a couple million shy of the original playstation ), but when nielsen took a six - month look at active video game usage in 2009 , it noted nintendo ' s console was the least played - even nintendo ' s own much older gamecube ranked higher .
gamecube was the most powerful system last generation , resident evil 4 looks way better on gamecube than playstation 2 .
look at the playstation 2 , most people think it is the most powerful console when in fact it was considerably slower than xbox or gamecube .
at launch the gamecube was nintendo ' s most powerful console ever and was more than capable of producing graphics and sound comparable or even superior to it ' s competitors the playstation 2 and xbox .
if ' power ' was certainly an issue nintendo directly addressed in the past , the n64 was directly a response to the sega 32bit systems and likewise the gamecube was much superior to the playstation until the xbox debut a year later .
this only requires about 2 to 3 times the power of a playstation 2 which is admittedly not as power as a gamecube on some points .
the playstation 2 and xbox are priced higher than the gamecube because of features like dvd playback and internet connectivity .
the only way i can thank of that made the playstation 2 better than the gamecube is that the ps2 could play ps games .
except xbox / playstation games are more censored than gamecube / wii games .
the controversy surrounding the wii is mainly surrounding its power / graphics capabilities which appear to be a slight improvement over the gamecube and are far inferior to the playstation 3 & xbox 360 .
this game had online capabilities for the xbox and playstation 2 versions of the game , but the feature was omitted from the gamecube version .
with heavy competition from microsoft ' s xbox and nintendo ' s gamecube , sony is eager to keep developers writing for its playstation line and consumers intrigued by its capabilities .
playstation has been the king of japan for a long time , and while i expected interest in wii to be better then gamecube , i did not expect a poll like this to have such one - sided results in favor of wii .
while their xbox 360 and playstation 3 both offer incredibly detailed graphics , their opponent , the nintendo wii , has been sold out of stores for two years straight , despite the fact its innards are only slightly better than its predecessor , the overlooked nintendo gamecube .
playstation graphics are much much much better than any x - box or gamecube combined .
graphics : 10 / 10 : the graphics for this console rivaled those of the rival sony playstation 2 and both of them are graphically superior to nintendo ' s gamecube .
playstation 2 version --------------------- the ps2 version , aside from slightly fuzzier graphics and surprisingly slow - er load times , seemingly has a decreased random enemy encounter rate , and is overall a bit easier than its gamecube counterpart .
i fill a 1 , 5l bottle with about 2 / 3 water and 1 / 3 orange juice ( it ' s easier for me to drink juice or tea than plain water ) and i make sure i drink that in a day .
i have also made a tea out of dill and it also works but not as quickly - but is easier to take with a little sugar than pickle juice .
coffee is a wake - up juice , and as long as you don ' t have the bitterness ( easily possible , even with folgers , if you figure out the right way to do it ) i think it tastes even better than tea .
100 percent juice blends given the rise in popularity of juicing , it ' s easier than ever to find high - quality , fresh , 100 percent juices that are chock - full of fruits , veggies , and additions like protein , spirulina , green tea extract , and echinacea .
this tea is not as bitter as the fresh juice and easier to consume .
for me , selling coffee / tea is whole lot easier then selling soap , juice or vitamins ... and shoes or make up .
it was naturally sweet due to the strawberries ( i asked if they put sugar in it to make sure ) but yet had just enough bitterness to still taste like a tea rather than juice .
i ' ve been avoiding matcha for a while for whatever reason so i can pick up a bit of bitterness that is probably just my tongue having adjusted back to mostly soda and juice rather than tea for a while .
you ' ll have to convince her that the organic cane juice in it is much better for her than the gross splenda she puts in her tea .
even if the lady can not drink wine , grape juice , or beer , it is better for her to recite havdalah over coffee ( shmiras shabbos k ' hilchasah 60 note 18 ) tea or milk alone ( aruch ha - shulchan 272 : 14 ; igros moshe o . c . 2 : 75 ).
even if she cannot or will not drink wine , grape juice , or beer , it is better for her to recite havdalah over coffee ( 5 ), tea [ with or without milk ]( 6 ), or milk alone ( 7 ) [ and , according to some poskim ( 8 ), grapefruit , orange or apple juice ] than to listen to havdalah recited over the phone ( 9 ).
the color of tea darkens in a basic solution , but the color becomes lighter when lemon juice is put into a tea .
another remarkable element of the tea is that it steeps up to such a brilliantly light colour ..... many shades lighter than apple juice .
also , hot beverages such as coffee and tea are generally safer than fruit juices , sugarcane juice , or buttermilk .
there is coffee , tea , water ( which is better than bottled water ), some type of punch or lemonade at lunch , orange juice , apple juice , and grapefruit juice for breakfast .
gently brewed white tea ( water , superior white peony tea leaves ), fructose , pom wondeful pomegranate juice from concentrate , pomx ( pom wondefrul pomgegranate antioxidant extract ), peach juice from concentrate , passionfruit juice from concentrate , natural flavors , citric acid , pectin
on one hand , not only is tea is full of antioxidants , which are a special type of vitamin that keep you healthy , but drinking it is a smarter decision than reaching for a soda or sugary fruit juice if you ' re thirsty !
for me , green tea powder was more drying , though worked faster than lemon juice ( diluted ).
the black / green tea mix tastes better than cola and even better with lemon juice inside but that is tooth - nightmare :( .
lipton iced tea to go ( i like it better than crystal light , sucralose vs . aspartame ) is also nice in sparkling or plain water , and lemon juice with a little sugar free vanilla syrup is also great .
eon coffee ' s commitment to healthy drinks goes far beyond its smoothie offerings , sugar - blocking mulberry and other antioxidants fuse with steaming mugs of tea and iced lemonades to refresh and nourish the body better than a morning swim in a vat of orange juice .
tea information : tea : lychee mojito type : black tea , mate tisane ( tea is technically only from the camellia sinensis plant ) packaging : ready to drink - bottled company : bazza purchase : at your local grocery store description : ingredients : premium brewed organic black tea using filtered water organic evaporated cane juice , organic agave syrup , natural flavors , ascorbic acid , natural caffeine , malic acid , di - ribosa , maqul berry extract , organic yerba mate .
although there are no definitive human studies about the effects of drinking tea for skin health , tea - green , white , or black , caffeinated or decaffeinated - is always a better choice than soda , fruit juice , or sugary coffee concoctions .
the white tea extract and cell walls fraction extract also had significant inhibitory activity against mda - mb - 435s cells after 48 hours of exposure , which was actually greater than that of the cell juice serum .
bosh would probably rather hit the museum for tea rather than the club with some crunk juice .
now i drink tea because i like it better than soda , juice , or coffee .
i love green tea and i feel a lot better when i drink green tea rather than coffee or juice .
iced tea is a much better choice than soda or juice boxes .
serving tea to your children is a way better option than sodas for sure , and juice too ( dependent on the situation ).
i ' m pretty sure tea is much better for you than soda and it ' s the only thing that i can stand , besides cranberry juice , coca cola and dr . pepper .
so black tea may actually be a safer starting material for brewing kombucha than juice or plain sugar water , given the same amount of sugar and the same ph . interesting ... i still wonder about the concentration of caffeine before and after though .
it ' s a little harder to mix with water or juice than some of the green drinks but really packs a powerful energy punch that lasts longer than coffee or tea and doesn ' t cause the jitters .
but if a juice drink with hfcs as its main flavoring ingredient isn ' t exactly the kind you had in mind , there are better choices available , such as honest kids organic juice drink , made by honest tea .
we started giving him goats milk to see if he could tollerate it better because he seems to need something heavier before bed than tea .
no word can describe this strange thing smoother than cotton , whit - er than mutton milk , lighter than ginger tea froth , brighter than the foam flouting over bassin zim ' falls and the meerschaum of the caribbean sea .
milk is better than water at extracting the flavor molecules from ginger tea .
i started with a thai iced tea , which was refreshing but decidedly heavier on tea than milk , and i prefer the creamy , milky inverse .
instead , by having coconut keep a low profile , you get that full , nutty flavour that gives the tea a heavier body and the lovely feeling of being more like a meal than a drink after you add milk .
i am sure such milk as that is far better for them than the tea they make .
because milk is a lighter consistency than cream , and does not curdle in hot water , milk mixes better with tea than cream .
the tea is a bit lighter in colour than a straight black tea , but still works with milk .
this tea is lighter than typical kenyan teas and is great with milk and sugar .
far lighter than most black teas , darjeeling is best brewed lightly and enjoyed without milk - you ' ll find it ' s sublimely refreshing at any time of day .
lemongrass and ginger iced tea is my drink of choice with thai food if i want something lighter than iced tea with condensed milk .
i have been using lactose free milk , but i do use some half & half in my tea ....
tea was worse for us than coffee , choco late and cocoa were soon tired of , milk was not liked very well , and hot water we could not endure .
i ' m really liking this new trend of brewing cold shaken matcha milk to work with me , it ' s quicker than steeping tea in the morning , and tastes so so good .
half the time he ' ll complain about the bitterness since he prefers milk and sugar , but knows better than to taint my tea with those .
second infusion added raw sugar and milk : even better than the first cup :) this tea is very similar to pg tips without the boldness of the assam .
maybe it was the atmosphere or the ' other worldly ' nature of the experience or maybe the buffalo milk , raw sugar and superior tea leaves but it was perfect .
in australia , the scones i tried in tea houses tended to be much higher and lighter than british cream / milk scones .
i thought it was a region , not a type of tea :( well it ' s better than the one i had yesterday , possibly because i added milk , and when that wasn ' t enough , some cream .
however , i find that i like this creamer in coffee and tea better than using a plain milk substitute or mimiccreme .
the other thing is to make sure you say with milk whilst looking the server in the eye with a stare that says bring cream and you will be in trouble nothing worse than tea with cream
zhena ' s gypsy tea black tea earl greater grey is specifically blended for those who enjoy their tea with milk - its addition will compliment rather than overwhelm this tea .
the kenyans love their tea ( in fact , tea consumption was greater than water consumption - 1 . 243 liters per day on average ) and they love putting lots of milk and sugar in their tea .
laugh and make tea with what is left : it will bring fortune far greater than the cost of the milk you have spilled .
since chai is made from black tea , it has less caffeine than coffee and packs a greater antioxidant punch , the milk also adds calcium to your morning brew .
a latte in our shops will seem cold compared to tea , even though we heat the milk to a greater temperature thanâ the italians or the spanish .
beer was cheaper than tea or coffee and safer than water or milk .
... follow ( for example , if a person likes tea better than coffee , and coffee better than milk , then that person should like tea better than milk ).
they began by listing certain axioms that they thought all rational decision makers would follow ( for example , if a person likes tea better than coffee , and coffee better than milk , then that person should like tea better than milk ).
tea and coffee , when made with boiling water but made cooler by adding milk , is hotter than your average hot bath .
tea again , as it is easier to travel with than coffee because i like milk with my coffee but take my tea straight with a spot of honey .
i think i ' ve said it before , but sweetness in general is a lot easier to take in milk teas than in just straight black teas for me , and this continues that trend .
it seems to act in the same manner as beef tea , and to most it is much easier of digestion than milk .
i must get a nut milk bag , it ' s gotta be easier than using tea towels .
tea sure goes down much easier without the milk and sugar , and it ' s great to look down into the cup and not feel like i ' m drinking watery chocolate milk .
the kopi here is quite ' kao ' and aromatic , somewhat different from the generic ones served at the usual coffee shops , while the tea has a smoother - than - usual texture akin to hk ' s version of milk tea .
because this was created as a dessert tea , and i love my dessert teas to be a bit smoother and creamier than normal , i always put milk and sugar in them , though not large quantities of either .
the polyphenols found in tea are believed to help arteries relax and create smoother blood flow , but the casein proteins found in milk may actually prevent that .
the natural taste a properly cultivated and steeped tea is far better than the generic cheap tea people only drink because they ' re adding honey , milk or whatever .
my parents didn ' t have much money when i was growing up and tea is cheaper than milk .
at the cheaper tea price , mind you , but she was adamant that i drink the milk so my baby would have strong bones .
tea was a very expensive commodity back in the day , so to stretch their stock out , the less - affluent added some much - cheaper milk .
green tea is cheaper and has an antibacterial ingredient in it as well ; give that a go before going to vet !! get the green tea that doesn ' t have lemon or orange in it , just 100 % pure green tea , and boil the jug and put a tea bag in and add hot water and wait till lukewarm , then dab a cotton ball or cloth in the cup of tea ( no sugar or milk ) and wipe the cat ' s eye with it .
in addition to the sushi and sashimi , i recommend the thai iced tea ( sweeter than sweet tea , for the uninitiated , made with condensed milk and red tea ).
drinking fluids - milk - based fluids may be easier to tolerate than acidic liquids , such as juice or soda .
position your beverages so that fat - free milk is easier to get than soda , fruit drinks , and beer .
if a cake recipe calls for only one egg and soda instead of milk it ' s much easier to adapt it than a classic pie made out of 12 egg yolks , discard the whites .
here are my thoughts about it tho , great info , but there is an easier way to do this , i have 4 co2 generators in my cabinet , they are made from 2 liter soda bottles instead of milk jugs .
operated by hand , the malted milk mixer shown above works at a much greater speed than the standard mixers employed at soda fountains .
the same can also be said for milk and fruit juice , both of which also have a host of issues far greater than diet soda when drunk in excess .
although prices may vary by region , milk becomes even more of a cost savings per serving when it is purchased by the gallon and when one considers the nutrients per dollar spent for a gallon of milk , the value is much greater than that of soda .
if we ' re to talk of equity , we should also ask why healthy , particularly organic , fresh food costs more than packaged , processed food , why lean turkey or chicken is priced higher than the bad , fatty cuts , or why in some cases the cost of milk is greater than the cost of soda .
and keep the chocolate milk - heck , it ' s better for the kids than soda !
plastic milk jugs are hard to seal and degrade quicker than plastic soda bottles .
milk comes in type 2 plastic , and it is safer than soda / juice bottles that are type 1 .
the pediatrician says that chocolate milk is much better than drinking soda because it has protein and calcium .
( 2 % chocolate milk is better than nothing or a soda , and is a great source of protein , calcium , some fat and several vitamins .)
flavored milk has some added sugar , but many experts agree that the wealth of protein , calcium and other vitamins it contains still makes flavored milk a better choice than soda , juice drinks or sports drinks .
it is not simply that some adults choose to drink soda ( calcium poor ) rather than drink milk ( calcium rich ).
pick your beverage for better nutrition - milk for a calcium boost or juice instead of soda .
did you ever think you could actually have a milk shake , which is better for you , than just that simple soda .
even eating a bowl of sugary lucky charms ( which like almost all breakfast cereals is heavily fortified ) with some skim milk is better for your teen than sending him out the door with nothing in his stomach or a soda in his hand .
comparing those values , a reader ( without a lot of nutrition background ) may get the idea that soda pop and coffee is " better for you " because neither contains fat ( even though milk would be designated a low - fat food ) .
it doesn ' t take mcdonald ' s six - plus years to do a bit of menu retooling and tell kids milk is better for their bones than soda .
not only are you bombarding your teeth with high contents of sugar every time you take a sip , but the carbonic acid present in every brand and type of soda attacks tooth enamel and wears it down much faster than if drinking water or milk .
the problem with soda or any other carbonated drink since they ' ve existed have been that the fizz dissipates so quickly that they sorta expire faster than milk .
it became a key ingredient as baking soda proved more reliable and faster to use than yeast , but it wouldn ' t work unless mixed with an acid ( sour butter milk ).
if there ' s no room , keep liquids at eye level in a prominent place - especially milk , which expires faster than juice or soda .
flavored milk is even worse , as it contains corn syrups and sugars that make is more like soda than milk .
milk contains sugars on its own , but natural ones , in comparrison to soda ... juice as well ( with no sugar added ) still contains natural sugars .
yes the sugars in a four ounce milk are indeed higher than a 12 ounce soda by 2 . 2 grams .
milk , although it might offer some nutritional value , is overall worse for your health than soda .
that ' s because kids don ' t know what ' s good for them and coke knows that soda is better for them than milk .
while i ' m with you on the milk not really being necessary , i think it is a much better alternative to soda and sugary drinks ( for kids especially ).
school lunch advocates who want the chocolate stuff nixed from the cafeteria menu say it packs almost as much sugar as soda , but others say it ' s better for kids to drink chocolate milk than no milk at all .
you drink milk kids , but we get soda .
opt for milk with the kids ' meal , rather than soda .
i never liked soda until college when i was embarassed on dates that i would only order milk and therefore " learned " to like diet coke ... i don ' t like any other soda and really prefer coke to pepsi ... weird , i know !
for example , there are approximately the same number of calories in 8 oz of non - fat milk and coke , but milk has a high nutrient density while soda does not .
thank you , i love an ice cream soda , its lighter than a milk shake and has the fizz from the soda water .
they tried to see if acid such as lemon juice made a better fizz with the baking soda than an alkaline like milk .
mix the french vanilla kahlua and the condensed milk together first , pour over ice and then add your soda - watch out for the fizz and don ' t forget to add a cute straw !
as far as beer being bad for your teeth , i would say it ' s probably a little safer than coffee / tea .
beer cheaper than water ' trumpet the tabloids , conveniently forgetting that for centuries beer was actually safer than water , and small beer - that is , weak beer - was given to schoolboys to drink for breakfast before tea became dominant .
caramel remains a leading beverage color , used in carbonated soft drinks including colas , root beer and ginger ale , because it withstands ph much better than other colors , it is also used in other brown - hued drinks like beer and coffee and tea - based beverages .
choose from 3 different buffets : o each buffet includes 3 ½ hours unlimited beverage service o 1st price point includes coffee , tea & soft drinks o 2nd price point includes above plus beer & wine o 3rd price point includes above plus quality spirits services include : o china & stainless flatware service o white or ivory linen table covers w / choice of skirt & napkin colors o extra tables ( dj , cake , gift or registration tables ) linen covers & skirted o staff handles complete room set - up / clean - up before , during and after event .
beer is cheaper than ice tea .
tea was far cheaper than the beer produced in england .
chinas menu is that beer is cheaper than tea .
tea is cheaper than beer ; collecting yixing is not .
the beer machine is a self - contained , single - step brewer that makes brewing your own fresh premium naturally made beer easier than making tea , coffee or juice .
following the trend of beer microbreweries and premium coffee , interest in superior tea is growing steadily .
people who class beer with intemperate drinks should bear in mind that it is better , more healthful and benefiting than tea or coffee .
at least iced tea is easier on the nose than beer or soda , no bubbles .
tea dinner ( sorry , my wife is trying to make me posherer ) and picking up a phone is easier - then i can swig my beer and relaaaaxxxx .... .
but it ' s easier not to lose your stitch count with tea than with beer !
the amount of enamel dissolution from coffee and brewed black tea was sev - en times greater than that of both water and root beer , while cola drinks dissolved enamel 55 - 65 times more than both wa - ter and root beer .
i think in the long - run , tea may have an even greater potential than beer to catalyze the sort of cultural transformation in perception of food and drink that i outlined above , for several reasons .
ultimately , these fruit and tea blended beers will likely have a greater appeal to consumers who do not particularly enjoy the taste of originally flavored beer .
the herbal tea was actually nicer than some of the cheap british beer we drank then .
combined with diet soda and light beer instead of water , folded into a hearty mushroom pasta dish ( emphasis on mushrooms , not noodles ) and garnished with spiced sweet potato quenelles , this meal provides a cold fall night alternative to hot tea and offers flavors that are at once comforting and provocative .
the steaz zero calorie sparkling green tea in steazy cola was better than the root beer flavor , but didn ' t taste much like cola to me and had caramel color ( which to my understanding is not good for you ) to make it a darker coloring .
the flavor is actually closer to a tea than beer .
already , demand for juice is greater than for soda .
the los angeles times reported back in 2009 that fruit juice contains equal or greater amounts of sugar and calories than soda .
my mom thought juice was better than soda and crackers were healthier than chips .
swedey -- juice is healthier in general than soda .
most fruit juice is no healthier than soda .
when it ' s mixed with juice , it ' s far healthier than soda .
most people lean toward thinking that juice is much better than soda because it contains nutrients that are not normally found in soda .
water is the best option , and fruit juice is better than soda pop because it contains some nutrients .
some juices , like grape juice , still contain reasonable levels of antioxidants and polyphenols , making them a much better option than soda in terms of naturally - occurring nutrients .
yes , too much fruit juice can lead to an overload of sugars , but it ' s also a good source of vitamins and nutrients ... and way better for you than soda .
apple juice has few natural nutrients , and in some cases , more sugar than soda .
given that the lemon juice worked better than the vinegar + baking soda solution ( and was cheaper , smelled better , and was more skin friendly than clr , etc ), i would recommend starting with a mild lemon juice solution , then follow up with pledge .
hosting a party this afternoon for middle schoolers and will serve sparkling lemonade ( basically lemonade with sparkeling water and 100 fruit juice ) and iced water - most children say it ' s better than soda ( and cheaper ).
cheaper than juice , cheaper than soda , and equally refreshing .
soda is way cheaper per ounce than juice .
soda is cheaper than fruit juice , but tap water is even cheaper .
the sparkling juice beverage sparkled moderately , making it easier to drink than any other mountain dew soda .
fruit juice is better than a sweetened soda because you are getting some vitamins , mirza says .
although , orange juice is acidic and will aid in absorbing vitamins and minerals , which is better than soda as ling as the acid doesn ' t bother your tummy .
fruit juice has more vitamins than soda , of course .
juice does have an advantage over soda -- it contains some vitamins and minerals .
so many people on here seem to be concerned about the effects of lemon juice on enamel , but the simple fact is ... deluted lemon juice is no worse for your teeth than soda , orange juice , ect .
while juice is probably better than soda , it ' s still an expensive habit and water would be even better for you .
the orange juice worked better than any of the other juices , maybe because i use a little bit more the 2 spoons of baking soda .
besides those juice bottles had to cost a bit more than a can of soda .
orange juice is calorie for calorie worse for you than soda .
in fact calorie - for - calorie , 100 percent orange juice is worse for you than soda .
orange juice is actually worse for you than soda , that ' s why you drink it from a smaller glass .
nutella will make you fatter , faster , spoonful for spoonful , but it ' s like saying a jamba juice smoothie is worse for you than a can of soda because the smoothie has more calories , fat , and sugar .
by this definition , your 100 percent orange juice is worse for you than soda : the former contains 5 . 8 teaspoons of sugar per cup , while soda contains 5 . 4 .
ditch the diet soda according to a 2006 study , people who mix liquor with diet soda absorb the alcohol faster than do those who choose regular soda or juice as a mixer .
payson elementary student james lloyd hypothesized that soda pop would rust a nail faster than lemon juice , tap water or salt water .
he adds that juice is actually worse than soda because juice has a higher energy density or ... read more
fruit juice is often even higher in sugar than soda , ounce for ounce .
home made bread was crumbly and wierd , and soda seemed better than juice .
i recently read a study that essentially said drinking diet soda is better for you than drinking orange juice .
davis said diet soda pops and other items with sugar substitutes are okay , fruit is better than fruit juice , and choose bread and pasta carefully .
turns out the kids like it better mixed with bubbly water to make a soda , and it ' s a lot easier to freeze the juice than to make molasses so i ' ll do more freezing next season .
so , it is definitely easier for my family to buy soda than to buy apple juice .
yes , your mother told you lemon juice keeps the banana from turning brown , but too much lemon creates that sour taste ; easier to just douse with soda that contains the lemon plus suuuugar !
in many poor chicago neighborhoods , it is easier and cheaper for kids to get potato chips and soda at the corner mom and pop store on their way to school than to find orange juice .
fruit juice isn ' t much better than soda .
fruit juice is no better for you than soda .
unfortunately , juice drinks , including 100 percent fruit juice , are really no better than soda and other sugar drinks .
juice isn ' t much better - juice actually has more calories per ounce than soda and elevates blood sugar more quickly than whole fruit .
some experts are even saying that fruit juice is no better for you than soda .
a bottle of soda that ' s been sitting in the garage , for instance , may be several degrees cooler than rubbing alcohol from the bathroom closet , or apple juice from the kitchen pantry .
but soda is better than juice ( in this instance ) because it also contains salts .
to neutralize the acid you need a base and the commonest food base is baking soda ( sodium bi carbonate ) which will fizz when added to an acid like ( say ) orange juice and will convert acid to water and various salts .
some doctors argue that pineapple juice may be even better for you than oj when you ' re ill ), goldenberries , lemon , banana , hemp milk and ginger .
when you ' re feeling parched , you know that reaching for an ice - cold water , juice or tea is better for you than slurping a fatty milk shake or jumbo soda .
which pointed out that beer is actually better for you than milk is , and encouraged people 21 and up to reach for a tasty pint of ale with a hint of hops instead of a glass of cow juice with extra pus .
growth stimulating properties of grass juice growth of rats is greater on a diet of summer milk than winter milk .
i remember reading laura ingalls wilder books where her family would add annato or carrot juice to the butter in winter months when the milk was white - to brighten it up .
some kids just ask for juice because it is an easier word to say than drink or milk ( accordning to th doctor ) which i found is true , she calls milk juice sometimes , any fluid in her juice cup .
her doctor recommend small frequent meals and protein ( i . e . milk instead of juice when the blood sugar is low ).
her doctor told us we were giving her way too much milk ( even though it was skim ) and way too much juice .
fruit juice the front of the package features appealing photos of fresh fruit , words like 100 % of the daily value and make it seem kids are better off drinking juice than water or milk .
" the word ' jewish ' had quotes around it probably because the recipe calls for oil instead of butter , and orange juice instead of milk ," she said .
if the entire population of japan chooses to call milk " miruku " instead of the ancient word for cow udder juice , which is " gyuunyuu ", so be it !
then the grapes are crushed till the purple juice runs out , and that is wine , - such wine as even the children may drink in their little silver cups , for it is even better than milk .
ingredients : 1 unbaked 9 - inch deep - dish pastry pie shell 2 cups sugar 1 tablespoon flour 1 tablespoon cornmeal 4 unbeaten eggs 1 / 4 cup melted butter 1 / 4 cup lemon juice ( freshly squeezed is better than reconstituted ) 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest 1 / 4 cup milk .
i washed it down with fermented horse milk , which is far worse than the penis because it tastes like tabasco sauce and pickle juice - shaken , not stirred of course .
soft drinks do not include beverages that contain milk or milk products , soy , rice or similar milk substitutes , or greater than 50 % of vegetable or fruit juice by volume .
soft drink does not include any beverage that contains milk or milk products , greater than 50 % of vegetable or fruit juice by volume or flavored or unflavored soy milk , rice milk , almond milk , grain milk and similar milk substitutes .
breast milk is better than anything else , even better than water , juice or pedialyte ® because it helps protect the baby ' s immune system .
so , to enhance our immune system everyday , we ... - watch the sugar - take juice plus + ( whole food in a capsule ) - drink water instead of juice , milk , soda , etc .
milk is way better than sugary soda , sweet chocolate milk , or orange juice .
there was a juice machine , but you had to buy it separate and as we all know , the sugar filled juice is much worse for you than the milk .
if the sugar drops rapidly he has to drink milk that help to increase the sugar in blood rapidly , milk is better than the orange juice .
and for the person that thinks that chocolate milk is better than juice -- it has just as much sugar as a can of soda .
it was found that not only do pencils work better than pens , but milk cartons are easier to penetrate than the provided dole brand juice cartons .
drinking milk is easier when you add sugar to it , same with orange juice .
cheap and easy to produce from local seedling apples , the fermented , sometimes fizzy , juice was more popular than ale , kept longer than milk , and in many places was safer to drink than water .
a glass of milk goes down much better than a glass of fruit juice .
i ' m at the age where added milk won ' t hurt , certainly better than fruit juice or soda pop .
it must be the fat content in the milk or something , but these melt in the sun a lot faster than a juice or cordial frozen treat .
however , my wife believes that carbohydrates derived from fruit juice or refined sugar " burn up " faster than carbohydrates from milk or bread .
ok hey i have been also mixing them together for a very long time and no they do not effect the absorbing process tho its better to take creatine monohydrates with grape juice because it absorbs faster but alot of times il train ( mma ) and drink my creatine with a substance that absorbs faster then after im done with training i work out with weights soo yeah hope this helps and dont forget to take some muscle milk and peanut butter and bananas before you go to bed .. it helps alot
if you ' re consuming cereal primarily for calories and protein , milk is a better choice than juice .
if he or she does not like white milk , even chocolate milk is better than juice because it has protein , calcium , vitamin d and potassium .
the american diabetes association ( ada ) states that milk is better than juice or glucose because it has lactose , fat and protein that will help your blood sugar remain steady over time .
color : black tv show : 24 nhl team growing up : quebec nordiques nhl player growing up : ray bourque food : easy to make steak movie : silence of the lambs car : bmw m5 brand of skates : ccm brand of hockey stick : tps former islander : mike bossy board game : monopoly sport ( other than hockey ): golf superpower : being unbeatable band : nickelback vacation spot : hawaii comic character : bart simpson non - north american city : stockholm snack food : yogurt stadium food : montreal hot dogs
miro ' s favorite things : color : blue team growing up : czechoslovakian national team player growing up : mario lemieux arena outside long island : bell centre ( montreal ) food : italian movie : big lebowski car : mercedes benz brand of skates : bauer brand of hockey stick : reebok former islander : mike bossy board game : chess sport ( other than hockey ): golf band : guns n ' roses vacation spot : italy and mexico non - north american city ( not in slovakia ): rome stadium food : popcorn
in fact , athletes in individual sports ( i . e ., golf , tennis , and track & field ) reported greater reduced sense of accomplishment levels than athletes on team sports ( i . e ., baseball , basketball , and hockey ).
football , with its greater numbers and established golf tournament , led the way by raising $ 42 , 000 , but club sports such as sailing ($ 17 , 000 ) and women ' s hockey ($ 6 , 000 ) also did remarkably well .
whereas sky has not just 4 dedicated channels , but also the facilities to broadcast just about anything from recorded programmes featuring obscure motorsport events ( world motorsport ), to stuff that wouldn ' t get a look - in from anyone else - netball , speedway , triathlon , hockey , and far greater coverage of more mainstream sports than the terrestrial channels ever manage - premiership rugby , us open tennis , wall to wall golf , cricket and nfl coverage .
being in a massive hockey market , i can ' t think of a better fit for us than the greyhounds , says ryan bastien , head golf professional .
prof . mcphee got the idea for the puck - smacking robot about five years ago , while researching golf technology , which he said is typically several years ahead of hockey in innovation .
however hockey is much faster game than golf .
in some games like cricket , golf and polo you not need to move all the time but in some games like football , hockey and rugby you need a faster movement .
it ' s easier to play golf than hockey .
it ' s easier to play hockey well than golf .
but to just start playing a sport , it ' s much easier to just start playing golf than to start playing hockey .
" playing hockey at a high level and then transferring it over to golf , i think that makes it a little bit easier to focus ," the 23 - year - old dupuis said .
this is not and ethnic thing , its just that we have ice 6 months out of the year and it is easier for children to play hockey than to chase golf balls .
adult hockey is really very safe , probably safer than golf or tennis and certainly safer than soccer in terms of injury rate .
anyone that can produce such excellent sports titles as nhl hockey , madden football , fifa soccer and nba live can certainly produce a better golf sim than this tiger woods series has been .
not much a hockey guy but , will watch golf when tiger wood is playing .
tiger doesn ' t like hockey , the same way some hockey fans might not like golf , or some people like classical music and others prefer rock and roll .
i kept looking around for tiger woods and phil mickelson because it was more like being at a golf match than a hockey game .
he lists golf as one of his hobbies on his official nhl players page and names tiger woods - rather than a fellow hockey player - as his favorite athlete .
baseball is much easier to quantify because ( 1 ) it ' s a one - at - a - time game on offense , and ( 2 ) the defensive statistics , although flawed , are still better than what ' s available for basketball .
the kind of games nintendo makes is not inferior or superior to other kinds of games , just like basketball is not superior or inferior to baseball .
husker baseball is huge right now , and baseball games will probably get better ratings than basketball .
but if i did , i would watch baseball because it is easier to get a ticket to a baseball game than a basketball game .
tickets to baseball games tend to be much cheaper and easier to get than those for football and basketball games .
the paper notes that advanced baseball statistics seem to predict performance better than basketball based on this study .
i don ' t think that your baseball analogy really applies because productivity is better -- and more easily -- measured through statistics in baseball than it is in basketball .
peta uses a combination of common sense and advanced baseball statistics ( or sabermetrics ) to explain why betting on baseball is a far superior choice to betting on football or basketball - both from a financial and an emotional perspective .
it ' s a lot easier to use statistics in baseball than basketball .
baseball is a lot easier to quantify than basketball .
our new league could offer the same level of excellence in academics , baseball and football , and easier travel plus better basketball than c - usa .
in sustained interest the baseball league fared better than either basketball or softball .
that the two leagues have different rules is what makes baseball infinitly better than football , hockey , or basketball .
michael jordan ' s lack of success in minor league baseball is not an indicator that baseball is harder than basketball , nor does it say anything about jordan ' s genetically - determined athletic talent .
the chart doesn ' t tell the entire story , since it doesn ' t include minor league salaries and doesn ' t account for the fact that baseball contracts are far friendlier than football or basketball deals because most of the money is guaranteed .
thats like saying michael jordan could hit a baseball better than babe ruth because of his superior basketball skills .
in addition to being an elite baseball player , dennis is an excellent athlete , as demonstrated by his superior basketball skills .
of course , baseball is a much easier game to call than basketball , but still , if vin started seeing his skills deteriorate , you can bet he ' d step down the next day .
first : baseball has more reliance on deception and fine motor skills than , say , football , so maybe baseball skills just take longer to develop than football or basketball skills .
also , i think that baseball , more than football and basketball utilize " learned " skills .
for the record , basketball is worse than baseball and neither of them are any better of a spectator sport than nascar .
basketball , on the other hand , uses a larger ball that travels much slower than a baseball or hockey puck , so 10 footcandles would be sufficient .
this issue in the eyes of scouts and baseball men is that shorter pitchers , for whatever reason , break down easier than the taller , larger pitchers ( say , just realized that pitchers have been growing much like basketball players been growing ).
they range from the size of a baseball to larger than a basketball .
the skill - level gap between major league baseball and amateur baseball is much larger than with football or basketball .
in a nutshell , you ' d expect baseball to have a larger overhead percentage than basketball .
i think the baseball managers and football coaches are smarter than basketball coaches .''
baseball is better than football and basketball who have caps !
kentucky high school baseball is superior to kentucky high school basketball and football when it comes to producing big - time talent .
basketball and football had their scandals , some just as bad or worse than baseball .
basketball is faster paced and has more action than baseball .
football and baseball are certainly not faster than soccer . after every play there is a short break in football , thats jsut annoying and baseball ..... basketball is faster sure but football and baseball are just slower and not as demanding for the sportsmen as soccer .
basketball and football are played at a much faster pace than baseball .
the average basketball player can run faster and jump higher than the average baseball player .
3 ) basketball is by its very nature a faster - paced game than baseball and thus more prone to momentum - based runs .
that would demonstrate once again that basketball players and coaches are both smarter ( think quicker and more continuously , no long in - game breaks necessary ) and more fan - friendly than baseball or football coaches ... .
people want to play football and basketball , where you can get to the big game and the big money a lot quicker than you can in baseball .
imo , the popularity of basketball will continue to grow , mainly because it ' s one of the sports i like to watch the most , but also because it ' s more fast - paced , quicker rewards than these long games of soccer or baseball .
thus , sterling ' s exit from basketball could very well be much quicker and less complicated than schott ' s departure from baseball .
" we were a lot quicker [ saturday ] without him ," said nate lemmerman , known more for his exploits in football and baseball than basketball at cdm .
this is why the better team wins any given basketball game with far greater frequency than it does in baseball , football or hockey .
like basketball , i have a greater analytical knowledge of soccer than i do with baseball .
@ upinc44 a single basketball player can have greater influence over the outcome of a game than a baseball player ( other than the pitcher ).
others argue that basketball and football provide more expedient routes to stardom and money , specifically , both football and basketball provide greater exposure at the collegiate level than does baseball .
also , the ability of one basketball player to take over a game is greater than that of a baseball player , especially considering rule limitations on player movement in baseball .
lol yet another reason why baseball is inferior to tree hockey ( aka basketball ).
there is not a single basketball or football uniform nicer than a hockey or baseball uniform .
now baseball is no better than football or hockey or basketball .
as baseball doesn ' t have a clock , it moves at a slower pace than , say , basketball , soccer , or hockey .
the soft , star - shaped yackle ball flies farther than a football , higher than a basketball and is easier to catch than a baseball .
both baseball and football have much higher white participation ( in the professional ranks ) than does basketball .
in other words , the bar is higher for statistical analysis in basketball than it is in baseball .
" baseball requires much higher mentoring than the two other sports ( football / basketball ) that compete for elite athletes .
given that the advantages of college basketball over the d - league are currently greater than college vs . minor league baseball , it would likely mean even bigger contracts to get the critical mass of talent necessary .
baseball is much bigger than basketball in cities with both baseball and basketball .
reinsdorf : " basketball is a bigger sport than baseball internationally .
" by far bigger than baseball , than american football , than basketball .
" i had bigger ( college ) offers in baseball than basketball , but basketball was my passion .
seems like he ' s putting lipstick on a pig , scccs baseball team is even worse than basketball or football .
more to the point , the best teams in basketball have a much better winning percentage than in baseball .
1 ) your basketball analogy works better than you might think , because our offensive philosophy is a team - oriented approach to baseball .
well , if you ' re going to do laundry for a pro sports team , basketball would definitely be a better choice than baseball .
i never said basketball was easier than baseball .
carey found basketball an easier sport to do than baseball .
football and basketball are far easier to project than baseball .
a statement like that is as ridiculous as saying basketball is a better sport than baseball because a basketball can be seen by tv cameras easier .
basketball talent is a lot easier to spot than , say , baseball talent .
that ' s like arguing that baseball is inferior to basketball because they use different boundaries .
the golf drivers have gotten lighter even faster because you can more consistently hit the sweetspot with the golf clubs than you can with tennis .
it is very difficult to dominate a game like golf , it is much easier to dominate a game like badminton , squash or even tennis , because when you are a little bit better than the rest , you will dominate .
golf is quite a bit different than tennis .
reason why is golf is a bit more expensive to do than tennis .
it ' s smaller then a tennis ball but a bit bigger than a golf ball !
but the golf situation is indeed a bit closer to the way it is in tennis .
golf has always seemed to come easier for me than tennis , he said .
ign makes out that the golf mini game is better than tiger woods and the tennis game is better than smash tennis .
american golf may be in slight decline because of tiger woods ' great fall and rory mcilroy ' s meteoric rise , but it is in considerably better shape than its country - club cousin , tennis .
b ) the realization that pete , whether you agree with him or not , thinks that nike and golf have done a better job presenting tiger woods to the world than has been the case with tennis and federer .
tiger woods is rarer to golf than federer to tennis .
conclusion - roger federer dominates tennis more than tiger dominates golf .
however , the golf ball is much heavier than the table tennis ball .
people are heavier and can play golf while overweight much more easily than play tennis .
tennis lead is 1 gram for 2 inches but i buy lead in the golf shop as it is heavier , 1 gram to 1 inch .
i ' ve traveled with a golf bag before at least a few times ( which is a lot bigger and heavier than regular tennis bags unless you put a stringer or something inside ; p ), and i checked in the bag .
i suppose that in addition to the video games ' craze and the ability to watch just about anything on netflix , americans are more prone to play golf than tennis because , well , they are heavier than they used to be .
you wear nicer clothes to church than you do to work , and nicer clothes to a wedding than you do to church , and if you were playing golf , you would be dressed better than if you were playing tennis .
the scenary at a golf tournament is much nicer than a tennis stadium .
golf shirts are usually even nicer than the tennis stuff , and the same breathable material .
none combine the historic elegance of the vinoy ® renaissance st . petersburg resort & golf club with the superior quality and convenience of its marina , golf course and world - class tennis facility , health club , award - winning restaurants and waterfront location .
more than just a golf resort , an abundance of superior features are offered , including the clubhouse , legends grill restaurant and a fitness centre complete with day / night tennis courts , 25m lap pool and spa .
this is the largest at the moment , about tennis ball size , the rest are less than golf ball size .
form into balls , larger than a golf ball , smaller than a tennis ball , and place in a pan to rest in the fridge .
tennis players get old much faster than golfers , but major titles are easier to win in tennis for superstars at their peaks than in golf .
because both the racquet and ball are bigger , it ' s easier for a child to learn to hit a tennis ball faster than it is a golf ball .
in every sport it ' s clear that standards now are better than 90 years ago - athletics times & distances are better , tennis players are stronger , faster , better , same with golf etc etc . .
tennis makes a person mature faster than any other sport , o . k . maybe golf , but the sport of tennis and golf does take the most time of a professional .
this is an oversimplified explanation of a game that incorporates the finesse of a tennis placement , is faster than handball , requires the exact timing of golf and must be seen to realise the thrills it can elicit .
golf is a bigger sport than tennis .
bigger than golf ball but smaller than tennis ball sized clumps .
, you ' ll know , bigger than a golf ball , smaller than a tennis ball ...".
it was bigger than a golf ball , but smaller than tennis ball .
for example , running was poorer than swimming , handball , tennis and a bit better than walking , golf and bowls in improving the flexibility .
btw , standards for size and weight of tennis rackets would be about 10 times easier to enforce than those for golf clubs or baseball bats .
baseball , volleyball , soccer , football , climbing , golf , fishing , skiing , martial arts , diving , gymnastics , swimming , curling ( a sport which is much harder than i ever would have imagined ) and yes , unquestionably tennis , were represented .
freeway chased after it , but when he got to it he was a little wary because the golf ball was smaller , harder and denser than the tennis ball he is used to .
tennis is a much better sport than golf : cheaper to play , more exciting , easier to learn , etc .
u . s . open : predictions in tennis are even easier than golf .
( and federer is more dominant in tennis simply because it ' s easier to dominate tennis than golf .
but maybe tennis is that much easier to re - master than golf .... .
i find golf is much worse for this than tennis .
talking about hockey again , even if it was just to talk about how hockey is inferior to basketball because of ties or something .
basketball in china is hugely popular and the nba has made faster progress in developing a fan base and business opportunities than other american sports such as baseball , football and ice hockey .
a new team game that carried none of the c olonial ties of soccer or the brutality of lacrosse or american football , basketball also required little in the way of equipment thereby making it a more accessible sport than baseball or ice hockey .
it is impossible to argue that a hockey player can take over a game the way jordan did in basketball because no hockey player skates more than 30 minutes every night ... something basketball players do .
any hockey oval bowl shape is going to be inherently inferior to one meant for basketball .
basketball is way better than hockey .
my hockey team was worse than my basketball team .
basketball is cheaper to play and easier to learn than baseball or hockey , and it ' s only getting more popular worldwide .
baseball , soccer , basketball and football span much larger fan bases because they ' re cheaper to play so more people have played them , and on account of that more people understand those sports better than they understand hockey .
basketball , baseball , and football are all cheaper than hockey by a wide margin .
it ' s harder than baseball ; more physical than flag or touch football ; cheaper and as fast as hockey ; and more fun than basketball .
the costs of equipment and maintenance of hockey - friendly arenas was way too much to handle for most sports clubs , primarily because the popularity of hockey was not even close to much cheaper soccer , basketball or volleyball .
hey ignorant basketball fans , you ' re sport isn ' t hands down better than the nhl and hockey isn ' t hard to understand .
basketball on the radio , in the hands of a good announcer like marv albert , comes to life in a way that hockey or soccer never can .
as well , a hockey player can have the puck land on his stick far differently than a basketball winds up in the hands of an nba athlete .
despite residing in a country far more renowned for grooming nhl prodigies , paul opted to place a basketball rather than a hockey stick in his son ' s hands at an early age .
however , fail to shake hands with the other team after it knocked you out of the playoffs and you ' re far more of a jerk in hockey than you are in basketball .
keywords : air hockey , hockey , sports , bikini , cars , ninja , hammer , motorcycle , gear , puck , paris , baseball ( what the ), basketball .
basketball players get treated better than golfers and field hockey players .
it ' s why i maintain that basketball players are in better shape than hockey players .
not by their basketball skills - they ' re better hockey players than they are basketball players - but impressed that they were outside , being active .
because the impact of one single player in the sport of basketball is greater than that in hockey or football .
basketball is wayyy better than hockey : learn to put skates on and walk ( skate ) on ice and bam , u got ur self a hockey player .
my opinion is that hockey is safer than basketball , soccer or baseball .
play hockey , it ' s safer than basketball : more than 30 percent of dentists report that basketball was the sport that resulted in the most dental injuries for their patients .
i ' d feel safer about him playing soccer , baseball ( although a wild pitch to the head is always a risk ) or basketball , compared to football , hockey , or lacrosse .
at the time , hockey was seemingly bigger than basketball .
a bigger hockey rivalry than basketball to be sure !
i am however a bigger hockey fan than pro basketball .
those cities is where hockey has bigger ratings than their basketball team .
i think that makes you a bigger basketball fan than hockey fan !
he has played for two years with team usa , and says sled hockey is definitely faster than his other sport , wheelchair basketball .
and on a basketball team , a poor draft pick ( or trade or free agent signing ) is harder to hide than on a hockey team .
the school ' s hockey team will have an easier route to the final four than the basketball team , because the skaters need to win only one more game .
a basketball team in newark wouldn ' t really fare any better than a hockey team because there are just more dominant teams in the area .
the michigan hockey team finished february with a better record ( 4 - 2 ) than the basketball team ( 3 - 4 ) but the wolverines have unfinished business remaining .
interestingly , a deep joint research study showed that although ice hockey is much faster paced and more aggressive than basketball , many of the building blocks needed to develop the trainer were found to be similar .
hockey is 10 times more physical than basketball and a thousand times faster than any other sport .
with the faster pace of hockey , bruesewitz was forced to quickly recognize angles and passing lane at twice the speed than he does now on the basketball court .
i think if one of the major sports leagues was going to crumble , pro basketball would emerge from the ashes faster and stronger than either baseball , football , or hockey would .
umass students explain why hockey attendance is greater than basketball .
this is qualified of suiting around eight thousand viewers for a hockey suit or greater than 10 thousand for basketball .
wayne gretzky exceeds the benchmark of outstanding performance in hockey by a far greater margin than jordan does for basketball .
these tell us that playing hockey gives a greater chance of injury / head injury than other sports , such as soccer and basketball .
the learning curve for enjoying and understanding hockey on tv is just greater than the learning curve for baseball , basketball and football .
they also had north america versus the world in hockey , but again , that works better for hockey than it does for basketball .
it is definitely better for hockey than basketball , but that is not saying much .
a cramp / strain injury is more dibiliating to a basketball player than a hockey player because it ' s easier to hide your injury in hockey .
scott realized late in life that hockey is a better game than basketball .
so watching 5 hockey analysts sitting down at a table , on mute is better than watching a basketball game .
we will disagree on our opinions of the action on the court and rink , but the environment in the seats of a hockey game is far superior to that of a basketball game .
i like ice hockey and football much better than this game , but bowling is better than golf , home run , and it ' s on about the same level as basketball .
i was told by a bruin parent in attendance that it is easier to get a nebraska football ticket at memorial stadium than it is to get a volleyball ticket in the coliseum .
there are a few sports that lend themselves well to inner - city participation , usually based on the idea that a kid can get to college on a scholarship if he or she works hard enough : basketball has very little equipment involved ; american football teams often provide equipment for their players ( much easier to share than swimsuits ); volleyball requires minimal equipment ; track and field requires minimal equipment .
however , football officials also perceived greater stress than volleyball officials for the ' fear of physical harm ' factor .
look for fields where the inherent demands are less ( e . g ., golf rather than football ) or competition is lighter ( e . g ., volleyball instead of basketball ).
the few goals in any given football match - there are even games that end 0 - 0 - are tedious for many who prefer the faster pace of basketball or volleyball , where games end with dozens , and generally more than 100 , points .
the stc football team has practiced during the cooler evenings , while the stc volleyball squad has enjoyed the gym , which is slightly cooler than its usual temperature during the opening weeks of practice .
that volleyball players do better for themselves than football and basketball stars .
all in all , football ( like basketball , like waterpolo ) is inferior to rugby union or volleyball , because one can bring the family to follow the latter group more or less everywhere around the world .
but then again , football is not nearly as popular as volleyball across the world .
many of nnamani ' s bridesmaids were world - class volleyball players wearing heels and towering above their football player escorts .
" they ' re sort of the same , but i picture lacrosse as a little bit easier [ than football ]," chaney said .
however , it ' s certainly much easier for a 6 ' 3 suburban kid to become a lacrosse god at uva then start for the football or basketball teams .
i say " tries " because the paper edited her letter to obscure its main point : hogshead - makar doesn ' t object to flag football itself , but to the florida high school athletic association ' s strategy of discouraging more traditional , competitive , ( and perhaps tellingly , more expensive ) sports for girls like crew , water polo , lacrosse , and archery by offering them easier , cheaper , but less comparable alternatives in the form of flag football ( and cheer ).
soccer , baseball , football , rugby - there ' s no other field game faster than lacrosse .
i can tell you how much faster the players on an 8 - man football team are than your typical 11 - man , or how the hot girls in georgia were all cheerleaders but the hot girls in baltimore played lacrosse , or how an inner city 7th grader might have no clue where the hamburger on his plate came from , but can navigate the city bus or rail system with his eyes closed .
deaths from commotio cordis occurred in lacrosse at more than double the rate for baseball , about 15 times greater than for football , 20 times greater than for soccer , 42 times greater than for wrestling and 54 times greater than for softball .
conclusion : i ' d argue that the swimming , softball , lacrosse , etc . programs have greater legitimacy than football , in terms of the university ' s education mission .
i ' d lean towards the second type of protocol when upping the conditioning of a field based athlete , such as rugby , soccer and lacrosse , because there is a significantly greater need for conditioning than in , say , american football .
i think you need greater hand - eye coordination in lacrosse than football or basketball .
many also cite lacrosse as being much safer than football and hockey with far fewer occurrences of concussions being reported .
people keep making the claim that lacrosse is safer than football or hockey and i just can ' t get behind those sentiments .
much like soccer , lacrosse has grown in popularity because of its fast - paced action and the fact its considered safer than a true contact sport like football or hockey .
funny thing is lacrosse - very popular out here and my kids play it as well - has a higher injury rate than football , including head injuries .
as a business , the nhl is closer to the national lacrosse league than the national football league , and yet it was working with a higher average salary for nhl players than their nfl brethren .
the overall mortality rate for lacrosse was about the same as that found in basketball , baseball , football and other sports involving physical contact , although higher than that seen in softball , swimming and track and field .
i never got why lacrosse got so into the " bro " culture .. i guess they think that tapping into each other and being mostly white suburban made it cooler than football to them .
i caught some of the sporting news radio lastnight , and the guy was saying jim brown played lacrosse for the orangemen and some of the people he talked to said brown was better at lacrosse than football !!!
in this one , we learn that he enjoys playing both soccer and lacrosse , the latter of which is a sport similar to hockey and which malkmus considers better than football because there is more skill involved .
lacrosse is a great sport to cross over with football .
personally , i think of lacrosse as better than soccer , but not quite up to the level of football or hockey .
but , i believe i have a fair amount of success coaching boys in lacrosse because i understand them better than most of their own dads , especially if football has ever been involved .
men ' s basketball features four athletes with grade - point averages at 3 . 59 or better , while women ' s tennis features seven athletes with a gpa greater than 3 . 0 , four with a gpa greater than 3 . 5 and one athlete with a perfect 4 . 0 gpa .
my original contention was that , quote , every sport is a ' mental game ' and tennis requires no greater mental strength than football , baseball , cricket , golf , basketball , etc , etc .
in sports such as football , soccer , or basketball the chances of being injured by an opponent during the game are much greater than in sports such as tennis or track and field .
also , every sport is a ' mental game ' and tennis requires no greater mental strength than football , baseball , cricket , golf , basketball , etc , etc - as anyone who has played those sports at a serious level can tell you .
the game required something larger than a tennis ball but lighter than a basketball .
basketball in generally is harder than tennis because it ' s a team sport .
tennis players may have better gpa than student athletes of other team sports , such as football and basketball .
tennis is not a team sport , basketball is .
tennis is better for fernandez than basketball .
" i would have liked to have played basketball a little longer , but i think that would have hurt my tennis .
although tennis has been around longer than many other american sports like basketball , football or baseball , it ' s more of a challenge to find tennis racquets in movies or television shows .
there probably are more skills to learn in tennis than in basketball , and i believe this because in general people seem to take a longer time to learn how to play tennis at a respectable level than to learn how to play basketball .
very athletic all my life baseball , football , alot of basketball , running years ago no longer , tread mill 4 days week , but a novice when it comes to tennis .
evidently it has something do with the basketball being so much larger than the tennis ball .
the point is short guys have a much larger impact in basketball than they do in tennis .
a key assumption here is that the mass of the basketball is much larger than the mass of the tennis ball , so that the speed of the basketball effectively remains unchanged after the collision .
actually i find that bball shoes have enough lateral protection , as i do a lot of lateral movements in basketball as well especially on defense , only difference is the cushioning of bball shoes are better than tennis shoes since they have to cushion the impact from jumping .
the tennis ball is going up 8 meters / second faster than the basketball .
it turns out that since the tennis ball flies up three times faster than it would without the basketball , that velocity translates into a lot of kinetic energy .
enberg was out of place with the faster pace of the nfl and college basketball , but the slower pace of tennis works well for dick and his abilities at this stage of his career .
that ' s today i agree , i believe the trend is going to be bigger db ' s nick you won ' t change my opinion on this , tennis players are taller then in the day when johnny mac was playing , basketball players are taller , in general football players have gotten big faster over the years that ' s a fact .
the look of tennis is much nicer than basketball , but that improvement would still not impress modern video game players .
according to the athletic trainer ' s association and the american academy of pediatrics , the rate and severity of injuries for fencing is similar to tennis or golf and much safer than soccer , basketball , or football .
hunting , according to the american accident statistics is one of the safest recreational activities , safer than basketball , safer even than tennis .
a football throw translates better because the arm slot is different than throwing a baseball , and is closer to the arm slot used in tennis .
a football player , who does not have to elevate his arm , can return sooner than a tennis or rugby player .
the number of active professional football players nowadays alone is much , much greater than the number of amateur or professional players in tennis history .
imho you can ' t say a star football player is greater than a star tennis player .
for example , someone who participates in contact sports such as hockey or football has a greater chance of being injured than someone who plays tennis .
mainstream manly team sports like basketball and football are way , way cooler than sports such as table tennis and badminton .
kids who play several sports , riding bike , skating / rollerblading , playing basketball , throwing football , etc when they are under 10 do better ( after 10 ) than kids who practice solely tennis .
football is also much easier to access than tennis .
but , or playing football , in this case for shooting ( the ball ), i shoot better with my left foot , or less bad ( smiles ), with my left foot , than with the right one , and for playing tennis the same .
tennis is pretty hard , but still easier than basketball and football .
i tried some tennis with it yesterday 5d3 , seems like a lot of misses at tennis ( which seemed like it should be remarkably easier for the af system , than soccer or football ) .
and lets be serious , baking cookies for seven girls on a tennis team is way easier than making fudge for 30 boys on a football team .
if i were in your position , i ' d keep at it in tennis , because a college tennis scholarship is a hell of a lot easier to obtain than a football scholarship , and there ' s nothing like free tuition ( especially now ).
another thing the footballers agree on is that while tennis may be easier for a thirty - something to learn than football , it is also the more physically demanding sport .
tennis was a lot safer then football , and sora was just happy she was still allowed to play sports .
that said , again , average tennis matches best of five are already faster than football or baseball games .
rubberboy -- who can squeeze through an unstrung tennis racket faster than any other human and can pull his leg behind his back when he throws out the first pitch -- has made appearances in the nhl , nba and arena football league .
professional football , soon to become a major sport because its faster action so well suited the television camera , was still a minorleague ticket ; golf and tennis were for the few who played those sports .
afterall , the cost of running a non - scholarship football program is far more expensive than running a full scholarship d1 tennis program .
clifford bloxham , 52 , loved football as a child but was better at tennis , winning a tennis scholarship to an american university at the age of 18 .
wagering on tennis is so much simpler than betting on football in one way .
and the number 1 reason why tennis is better than football ... there ' s no love in football .
baseball was more easier than it look rather than playing golf .
when the same principles are applied , hitting a baseball is far easier than hitting a golf ball .
for baseball to be easier to succeed it , the amount of kids playing golf would have to be less than 10 . 5 % that of those playing baseball .]
golf is easier to pick up than baseball .
i ' m more of a baseball fan than a golf fan , but baseball is no easier .
i like playing golf , golf can take a long long time , but sometimes even golf goes faster than baseball .
golf is growing in fav or faster than ever baseball grew and bids fair to supplant baseball in public favor .
you might think that a golf ball is heavier , so it should fall faster than a baseball .
the speed improvement from using a golf ball instead of a baseball would probably not be very large , but it seems plausible that a professional pitcher with some time to practice could throw a golf ball faster than a baseball .
the international olympic committee has selected golf and rugby sevens ( a faster version of the traditional 15 - to - a - team version ) to be included in the 2016 games , over baseball , softball , karate , roller sports , and squash .
of all the sports that i played - skiing , baseball , fishing - there is no greater example than golf , because you ' re playing against yourself and nature .
the $ 2 . 8 billion spent in 1999 on golf equipment was eight times greater than the amount spent on baseball and softball equipment , according to the sporting goods manufacturers association , and was second only to exercise equipment .
the golf shoulder is at less risk than in sports such as tennis or baseball , as the golf swing is not considered an overhead sport that requires elevation of greater than 90 degrees .
but the reality is that going to a football , baseball or even race car track with tens of thousands of other spectators is a safer bet than say fishing , or even playing golf .
today , hunting ranks as one of the safest sports in america -- safer than tennis , swimming , or golf , and far safer than baseball , to say nothing of apple pie and chevrolet .
and whilst i waited for some late night west coast baseball , i had nothing better to do during the day than flip between soccer and golf .
in high school i didn ' t try to play golf anymore , because i was a lot better at baseball , and baseball was a lot cooler in high school than golf .
a golf ball is easier to hit than a baseball , but not easier to hit properly , he says .
it is easier to hit a baseball , a three pointer , a wide receiver , heck it ' s easier to hit power ball , than it is to hit a golf ball consistency .
it is a lot easier to hit a golf ball than a baseball , but there seems to be a whole lot less people to do it well .
the pelota ( spanish ball ) is a little smaller than a baseball and harder and heavier than a golf ball .
pro wrestling and golf are bigger draws than baseball games .
bigger than a golf ball although smaller than a baseball .
" golf is bigger than the motion picture and recording industries , bigger than the nfl or major league baseball ," he says .
klotz said hitting a golf ball should be easier than basic moves in other sports like baseball , tennis and basketball because , unlike those others , the ball you ' re trying to make contact with isn ' t moving .
the difference for women ' s basketball is greater than football .
a basketball championship is forever greater than the difference between 8 - 4 and 7 - 5 in football , even if its ohio .
the reason for this is because the difference between college and pro basketball is greater than the difference between the two in football .
there are lots of other more obvious differences between the two sports and in my humble opinion , many of the differences make basketball easier to predict than football .
the difference is that iowa basketball is still better than nebraska basketball even when we ' re not at the level we used to be , and unlike nebraska basketball iowa football has had success in the past so the situations are barely comparable .
the basketball team faired better than their football counterparts .
the football players don ' t work any harder than wrestlers and the men ' s basketball team doesn ' t work any harder than the women ' s basketball team or the swimmers .
basketball is a sport that can be turned around quicker that football because a couple of key recruits can dramatically turn a team around , you need fewer players , and the evaluation process is easier than in football .
building a basketball team is light - years easier than creating a winning football team .
players in baseball and basketball can also play better for longer than they can in football .
at duke , where football has long placed no better than a distant third behind basketball and academics , developing that kind of tradition will likely take longer than a lifetime .
but basketball has been there even longer than football .
i played basketball longer than i played football , so basketball was defiantly my favorite .
been a basketball fan longer than a football fan with pitt .
and onto basketball , which seems to have had its recruiting process regress faster than football .
rodney roberts , the athletic director at franklin high school , explained that the football recruiting process has been slower than the basketball primarily because kennard plays in so many more basketball games than football during the year : .
part of what makes the basketball review better than football is because is the theater of the process .
there ' s one more thing that ' s good : the qualification process is different in basketball than football .
i think basketball is easier to turn around than football is as well .
seriously , i know a basketball program is much , much easier to turn around than football , but come on .
basketball is infinitely easier to turn - around compared to football .
also , its easier to turn around a basketball program than football .
you could argue that coaches help win close games , but most would agree that it ' s easier to turn around a team in basketball than football .
well except for basketball being easier than football statement .
football is the toughest sport , or wrestling is way harder than basketball , or underwater basket weaving is much easier than soccer .
basketball should find it far easier than football .
basketball is easier to referee than football , and football refs are the best .
so this guy says that basketball is easier to follow than football .
formidable football programs are exponentially harder and more expensive to construct than decent basketball programs .
our men ' s basketball program is now superior to at least half the pac - 12 and i think we ' re fully capable of having a football team that good too .
in basketball , the big east may be better but the big 10 is has more successful basketball programs than they do football .
that ' s all well and good , but i would say that basketball is easier to lift a program than , say , football .
read our slam 115 story below and remember , basketball is always safer than football .- ed .
on the surface , basketball may seem safer than football , which is kind of like saying that trench warfare is safer than nuclear obliteration .
soccer doesn ' t destroy the brains and spines as gridiron football but otherwise is not sigificantly safer or less safe than basketball , baseball or any other team sport .
bicycling on - street is at least 12 times safer than playing soccer , 22 times safer than basketball , 38 times safer than football .
those are incredible numbers , particularly from someone who wanted to concentrate on basketball at cambridge academy because the gym was air - conditioned and much cooler than the football field .
basketball isn ' t as bad as gymnastics and ice skating where judges determine talent and execution ( with extreme bias ), but it ' s worse than baseball , soccer , hockey and football .
to enlarge gym in the middle west basketball has a greater following than football , and there is no reason why lt should not have a large following here , said mr . la porte , bpeaklng on the subject of basketball , yesterday .
former penn state all - american tamba hali played basketball while attending high school in teaneck , n . j . former clemson all - american gaines adams concentrated on basketball at cambridge academy in greenwood , s . c ., because the school ' s gym was air - conditioned and much cooler than the football practice field .
baseball and football is harder than basketball ... definitely .
football is just harder to predict than basketball or even baseball .
as compared to football , it is easier to recover from being behind by many points in basketball due to the nature of the game .
the physical demands of working basketball are harder on officials than football , making it easier to continue working football games .
i made a statement at work the other day that it would make sense for football players to be smarter than basketball players since it is a more complicated game to play .
in football falling down is very common because it ' s a faster game and more physical than basketball .
here ' s what boobtastic cuban doesn ' t understand - football is just a better game than basketball .
you can tell that my college basketball knowledge is far inferior to that of my football knowledge .
well folks , we all know for a fact that college basketball is in fact , inferior to college football .
basketball is worse than anything that might develop in college football .
this is why college football is superior to college basketball because all of the best players stay for atleast 3 years .
i ' d lean toward football because it would probably be easier to get into a college than basketball .
perish the thought of football players being smarter than basketball players .
because boxers and basketball players are so much smarter than football players and fencers .
james hesky : basketball players are worse than football players .
i don ' t know why football players would automatically be faster than basketball players .
as much as i love college football , there is nothing better than the postseason in college basketball .
leave it to a bleacher report columnist to believe the ncaa college football postseason is better than the ncaa college basketball postseason .
maybe college football is better than college basketball during the regular season , but the college football bowl system is the biggest letdown and disappointment among all sports in terms of how the postseason is run .
after his team ' s snub , st . mary ' s coach randy bennett might have become the first in history to believe that college football , with its widely derided bowl championship series , has a better postseason formula than college basketball .
whatever the reason is , i ' m pretty sure it isn ' t because people think college football , their bcs and their complete lack of a playoff system is somehow run better than college basketball , their postseason tournamount ( s ) and march madness .
football boots are much lighter these days , apparently players suffer metatarsal injuries more frequently , basketball boots look quite different to me now than 15 - 20years ago , maybe that ' s just an external thing , maybe they ' re better to play in .
and i have to be lighter for basketball than football .
husker football fans are equal if not worse than ku basketball fans .
and in reality , the basketball fans of seattle have it worse than the football fans of ohio ever did .
basketball magnifies the issue because fans are right on top of players - but i ' ve heard plenty of fans yell things way worse than piece of crap at their own players at football games .
yes they ' re sheep humpers , yes they have delusions of granduer about the status of their football program , yes they ' re just aggies , but they ' re better basketball fans than we are .
baseball fans will hear about how pitchers get in a groove ahead of hitters , football fans will make assumptions about defenses starting out better than offenses , and basketball fans will hear how young guys get better in the second half .
second , as you note , iu uses loyalty points for both students and other ticketholders than make it worthwhile to buy football tickets even if motivated by a desire for better basketball tickets .
3 points in football is way different than 3 points in basketball .
growing up , iu football tickets were a lot easier for him to get than iu basketball tickets .
many football games are played during the day when many of the am stations on the pirate network are able to broadcast at higher power than at night - when the greater majority of ecu ' s basketball games are contested .
it greatly increases the chances that the traditional football schools , beginning with florida state , will bolt to higher revenues conferences , leaving a collection of schools better known for their basketball programs than gridiron success .
football is higher profile than basketball .
" pryor is rated higher in football than basketball .
" we use tennis balls to start because it ' s safer -- less chance of getting hurt ," said wes hogan of bartlett , wolf pack hockey club organizer .
they just couldn ' t understand that hockey was significantly cooler than tennis .
with hockey , i imagine that the puck is solid makes it simpler to ensure the integrity of the weighting of the puck after impact than it would be with a hollow tennis ball .
a tennis ball booms off the racquet of milos raonic at more than 230 kilometres an hour , one of the best serves in tennis history - and far faster than a big - league fastball or a hockey slap shot .
i ' m starting to think a football field might be a safer place than a golf course .
and when it comes to usc football , nothing is finer than a weekend of football and golf in south carolina .
golf , baseball , and other sports that do not involve strong personal sensory stimulation may be better for your child than something like tackle football .
myself , being a huge football fan , i felt this book was smoother and more relatable than lazarus ' first book about golf ( chasing greatness ).
football is easier to master than golf .
imho golf moves alot faster than football .
some might say that golf is much easier than football or basketball , but consider this - the chances of making a hole - in - one twice in a round of golf are 1 in 67 million .
but i wonder whether it ' s easier to appreciate talent in individual sports ( tennis , golf ) or sports where club is more prevalent than country ( football ), than those where players on the world stage are representing their country .
belichick shot a few rounds with tom brady and peyton manning over the weekend at the at & t pro am at pebble beach , and both quarterbacks agreed with the coach that football is actually easier than golf .
golf smarter than college football when it comes to new fans .
going to the big east in football only is no better to me than joining for golf only .
lady elsie robson said : my husband thoroughly enjoyed playing golf and nothing would have given him greater pleasure than to see so many good friends from within football coming together like they did at rockliffe hall last year .
hedges played football and basketball for the grizzlies last year but has given up the former to focus on golf in hopes of obtaining a college scholarship .
for that money , i ' d instead consider buying the ford fiesta , mazda 2 , honda fit , or fiat 500 -- cars that are more attractive , have nicer interiors , and are better to drive than the nissan versa .
the transit connect ' s toty achilles heel may be its value quotient - while the ford was substantially better to drive than its predecessor and its main competitor , the 2014 transit connect is likely to cost a few thousands more than the nissan nv200 .
the ford f - 150 will be a favorite with tall drivers and their passengers , since it has much greater head - and legroom than the nissan titan .
dearborn , feb . 11 , 2009 - the all - new 2009 ford f150 - which features an exclusive air bag technology - provides better side - impact crash safety than the chevrolet silverado , dodge ram and nissan titan , according to a new study by the insurance institute for highway safety .
the ford f - 150 is somewhat more expensive than the nissan titan .
motor magazine even said that with few aftermarket modifications , the ford could be tweaked to 440 kw ( 590 hp ), making it quicker than a nissan skyline gtr .
currently a right - hand drive ford gt holds the record for the fastest power lap time at 1 : 08 . 80 , some six tenths quicker than a nissan gt - r ( speed limited ).
and the different braking systems , being adjusted for the type of vehicle doesn ' t normalize - if it did , all vehicles would have the same stopping distances - my nissan altima will always stop quicker than my significant others ford expedition .
the widest , lowest - profile tires in the test paid off with big numbers on the skidpad and figure eight ( 0 . 79 g and a best time of 28 . 2 seconds ), but weight conspired against the edge in quick transitions on the road and in our slalom , where the nissan managed a blistering 62 . 5 mph - 3 . 7 quicker than the ford .
drivetrain due to its much higher torque , the ford f - 350 does a much better job of transmitting the horsepower of the engine to the wheels than the nissan frontier .
this nissan frontier is getting about 5 - 6 mpg better in the city than the ford .
ford says the focus battery - electric vehicle will offer a mile - per - gallon equivalent better than chevrolet volt ( 93 mpge all - electric , 60 mpge combined , earlier post ) and competitive with other battery electric vehicles ( e . g ., nissan leaf with epa rating of 99 mpge , earlier post ).
nissan has already said that it can deliver a driverless car by 2020 - fully five years earlier than ford is targeting .
the ford explorer will be a hit with tall drivers and their front seat passengers , since it has greater front head - and legroom than the nissan xterra .
the ford escape is somewhat more expensive than the nissan xterra .
the nissan xterra has a little less horsepower than the ford explorer .
the ford escape has a little less horsepower than the nissan xterra .
the nissan xterra has significantly less cargo capacity than the ford explorer .
utility the ford explorer offers greater seating capacity than the nissan murano , making it a better choice for those who find themselves chauffeuring others around .
comfort the ford c - max hybrid will be a favorite with taller drivers due to its greater front head - and legroom than the nissan 370z .
a nissan , toyota , honda are no cheaper than a chevy , buick , dodge , ford , etc ., etc .
the base model nissan note 1 . 4 visia is priced just below £ 10 , 000 and cheaper than the ford fusion and renault modus .
starting at $ 25 , 570 , nissan nv1500 s is cheaper than the ford e150 , but somewhat more expensive than the chevrolet express 1500 .
while the 2013 nissan nv200 holds slightly less cargo than the current ford transit connect , its fuel economy is competitive , and even the sv model is cheaper than a base model transit connect .
a reasonable amount of haggling at the nissan dealership will secure you the greenest qashqai in the range for less than £ 16 , 000 , which is cheaper than the equivalent ford focus or volkswagen golf .
they must mean best handling nissan fwd because no way is this better handling than a ford focus because i have one and it has perfectly weighted steering , great feedback , but most important is it is pulling 1g .
given its athletic handling , strong acceleration , and striking styling , the nissan places ahead of the ford .
the low - volume ford focus electric is a more conventional looking ( and better handling ) alternative to the nissan leaf .
handling the ford mustang has a significantly larger turning radius than the nissan 370z , making it much more difficult to maneuver in and out of tight spots .
handling the nissan xterra has a smaller turning radius than the ford explorer , allowing you to more easily maneuver in and out of tight spots .
nissan ' s big van also has a relatively smooth ride , certainly smoother than that of the aging ford e - series , and surprisingly low nvh levels .
the 2001 nissan pathfinder is a midsize suv that ' s five inches shorter than the ford explorer and five inches longer than the nissan xterra .
at 200 . 8 inches long , it ' s 3 . 7 inches longer than a ford explorer , 3 . 6 inches longer than a nissan pathfinder and 9 . 4 inches longer than a honda pilot .
( 257 - cm ) wheelbase that is longer than that of the ford fiesta but slightly shorter than the best - selling nissan versa .
the nissan model is 23 . 9 inches longer than a 2012 ford e - 350 super duty regular length model , which also seats 12 .
the 2012 gmc terrain is bigger than competitors like the ford escape , but smaller than vehicles like the ford edge and nissan murano .
last time i checked , gm , ford , mercedes , bmw , vw / audi / porsche , chrysler , etc are bigger than nissan and mitsubishi .
that ' s bigger than the ford expedition ' s 18 . 6 cubic feet , but smaller than the nissan armada ' s 20 . 0 cubic feet and the chevrolet traverse ' s 24 . 4 .
it ' s bigger than the honda cr - v , toyota rav - 4 and ford escape , but slightly smaller than the nissan murano , toyota highlander , and dodge journey .
the actual frame on a nissan is damn sturdy , maybe not as sturdy as ford because they make a bigger truck , but definately more so than honda .
i compared several different vehicles and nissan dealers came off msrp faster than mazda , ford , vw , and surprisingly hyundai .
cherry - picking our way through the numbers , we find nissan ' s ytd non - car sales have expanded faster than those of ford , gm , toyota , honda and hyundai .
nissan workers are turning out cars in 18 hours , 7 hours faster than the next best -- ford plants in germany and belgium -- says daniel p . jones , a professor at cardiff business school .
and they had to open it up to other manufacturers , but you can bet anything you like that if nissan ends up being faster , then the rules will be changed to suit holden and ford again .
that ' s 50 % faster than a ford focus and three times faster than a chevy volt or nissan leaf , on a per - hour basis .
this is lighter than the nissan murano , but less than the toyota rav4 or a large crossover as traverse chevy or ford flex .
competition for the 2012 chevrolet camaro ss is primarily focused on the ford mustang gt and dodge challenger srt8 , but smaller , lighter sports cars like the nissan 370z and hyundai genesis coupe could also be included in the mix .
drivetrain due to its much higher torque , the engine of the nissan altima does a much better job of transmitting power to the wheels than the ford focus .
ford and gm ' s hourly labor costs are still higher than those at toyota , honda and nissan .
the nissan altima will be a favorite with taller drivers due to its greater front head - and legroom than the ford focus .
further , nissan failed to consider that superior operated in the shadow of ford motor company world headquarters .
renault reported better than expected profit , as it managed to eliminate debt for the first time since its alliance with nissan .
renault officials have indicated that the company ' s renault véhicules industriels commercial truck - making unit would not offer financial assistance to nissan diesel until the japanese truck producer reduces its heavy debt load .
overall , renault is in a better position than peugeot , because it is the biggest shareholder in nissan , which is still doing very well globally ( and in the uk as well ).
the renault captur is about £ 500 cheaper than its closest rival , the best - selling nissan juke .
reviving datsun , nissan has positioned the brand for cheaper cars , much like his partner renault is working with the dacia brand .
because of that , the 2014 nissan altima is no longer a sedan you have to settle with because nissan offers better financing plans than honda or toyota .
you get alot for your money with the altima and nissan has always been more straight - forward with their financing / leases than honda who charges whatever they want for leasing ignoring their own great residual values .
lexus outscored toyota , acura was higher than honda , audi outpaced volkswagen , and infiniti fared far better than nissan .
in relative terms honda is in much better financial shape than the two ailing japanese companies flanking it , number one toyota and number three nissan , both of which have been posting far higher financial losses and are vulnerable to the declining value of the yen .
an entry level 2014 honda fit has a ' starting price ' of $ 15425 , $ 1500 higher than the nissan .
nissan plans to build a new model in its sunderland site , while honda will double its car output in the uk this year .
both toyota and nissan sell far more cars than honda but they ' ve been in the us market a lot longer , too .
if that ' s the case for you , then you ' ll be happier with the nissan versa note , which is slightly longer than the honda fit .
interiors : the honda jazz ' s wheelbase , at 2500 mm , is longer than cars like the new maruti swift , nissan micra , tata indica vista , volkswagen polo and toyota etios liva .
" hyundai de la toilet roll brain " - nissan was the first japanese car in malaysia and lasted longer with the same distributor compared with toyota , honda or anyone else .
i ' d also dare to say that me driving my 2000 honda is safer than when i was driving the 2011 nissan .
this defense works , but , frankly , your hackable 2013 nissan maxima is way , way safer than my unhackable 1998 honda accord .
my wife ' s honda accord has a better customer rating than my nissan z .... pretty sure its sold more to .....
i have a friend who pays more to maintain his honda accord than he does to maintain his nissan 370z .
unfortunately for nissan , for a long time it has played third fiddle to its japanese cousins toyota and honda ( and their luxury lines lexus and acura ), and as such i always felt that nissan had to impress me just a little more to make up for the difference in perception .
yes , i know the disasters in japan had a bigger impact on operations at toyota and honda than at nissan , but i think that did more to hold down sales of the former pair than proactively boost sales of the latter .
i have a honda that is 6 years older and has twice as many miles that is in better shape than the nissan xe 4wd pickup .
nissan / inifiniti , older european luxury cars , etc .), but these standards have been present in nearly every honda and toyota vehicle produced .
they want to keep a newer honda car that is still financed , but they have to turn it over and keep an older nissan with many mor ... .
at its current level of 89 to the dollar , profitable exports from japan are difficult , although honda is better off than nissan and toyota because its north american factories make 80 % of the cars it sells there .
if you go with the nissan nv200 , you ' ll have a much easier time finding a large enough space to park than you will with the honda odyssey .
comfort the nissan nv200 will be popular with taller drivers and passengers in the front seat , due to its greater front head - and legroom than the honda odyssey .
toyota or honda will depreciate slower than a nissan .
it completed mt ' s figure eight in 27 . 9 seconds , better than the honda and ford and less than a second slower than the vw , nissan , and toyota .
toyota ' s shares have fallen 22 percent so far this year , faring worse than nissan , which is down about 6 . 5 percent , but better than honda , which has fallen 26 percent .
nissan seems to be in slightly better shape than either toyota or honda .
honda could do it , but they ' d have to work harder than even toyota or nissan to be taken seriously .
nissan altima - nice will go the distance , but interior ages a lil quicker than honda or camry .
while the nissan felt far quicker than the honda accord due to increased engine roar and vibration , we could only manage a 6 . 8 - second 0 - to - 60 - mph time .
in the rush to 60 mph , the honda consumes 10 . 3 seconds - over a second quicker than the nissan .
our 2011 hyundai sonata se 2 . 0t tester is also 0 . 4 second quicker than the 2008 nissan altima v6 and 0 . 9 second quicker than the 2008 honda accord v6 .
the nissan altima boasts a bigger interior than the toyota camry , honda accord and most other mid - size sedans . it ' s quicker , too .
nissan says the coupe ' s curb weight is lighter than the sedan ' s - 3 , 055 pounds in base configuration , which would make it significantly lighter than anything else in the segment , such as the toyota solara or honda accord .
based on a unibody structure , the honda ridgeline is bigger than mid - size trucks from dodge and nissan , yet as a lighter - duty vehicle , it carries a 5 , 000 - pound tow load capacity and has a five - passenger crew cab .
marcelo , the problem is the 3200 lb dodge dart has the weight of a much larger car like a nissan altima , but chrysler needs it to compete on fuel economy with smaller , lighter weight cars like a 2800 lb honda civic .
i think the nissan engineers may have been trying to appeal to a larger audience with a softer , smoother ride , at the expense of more body lean in hard cornering than the honda .
yes , i feel bad saying that when i ' m about to hop into my quest to tote the kids to basketball practice and boy scouts but the honda odyssey ' s ride is smoother and the seats are much more comfortable than in my 2006 nissan quest .
nissan also has recovered much faster from the earthquake and tsunami in japan than its competitors , toyota and honda .
nissan raised its profit forecast as it recovered faster than toyota and honda from the country ' s record earthquake in march .
nissan ' s two most recent advertising spots tout the fact that its dealerships have a better inventory than competitors , like honda or toyota - two car companies hit much worse by the earthquake catastrophes .
nissan motor , which restored production faster than toyota and honda after the march earthquake in japan , saw a sales gain of 25 percent .
the sales gains aren ' t just because the nissan was able to resume production faster than honda and toyota after the big earthquake in japan early this year and have readily available cars on dealer lots .
[ jim wrote this response to some newsgroup members who maintained that the chrysler hemi was obviously superior to the sohc ford because it is still used in modern fuel racing applications .
the chrysler minivan truly was vastly superior to any wagon from a packaging standpoint and its success was well earned , the rwd competitors from ford / gm / toyota / etc were inferior , all - around awful vehicles , but they still sold well precisely because they weren ' t minivans .
the gm and ford rwd minivans can haul heavier loads - more than twice that of the chrysler minivans - but they gave up packaging efficiencies that became the benchmarks as chrysler ' s minivans gathered momentum .
danger in dodge chrysler minivans danger in dodge chrysler minivans minivans include dodge caravan chrysler town and country plymouth voyager until 2000 my paul sheridan who was interviewed in this video regarding chrysler not installing brake shift interlock in its family targeted minivans due to cost , while this safety feature was standard for gm and ford for years , has degrees in physics , mathematics and computer science , and a graduate business degree from cornell university .
ford is portraying the 2014 transit connect wagon ( ford has avoided using the " m " word ) as an alternative to traditional minivans still made by chrysler , volkswagen ( built by chrysler ), toyota , honda , nissan and kia .
drivetrain due to its much higher torque , the chrysler town and country does a much better job of transmitting its engine ' s horsepower to its wheels than the ford transit connect .
consumer reports consistently rates ford vehicles higher than gm and especially chrysler .
in keeping prices so low , ford may be running higher risks than chrysler .
chrysler group llc , whose u . s . pickup sales are growing faster than ford motor co . ( f ) and general motors co . ( gm ) ' s , is considering added production as the automaker readies its new 1500 light - duty truck with better fuel economy .
if chrysler ' s claim that the v - 6 ram with torqueflite 8 - speed automatic gets better fuel economy than the ecoboost v - 6 ford f - 150 , it will be a very significant new truck .
chrysler and general motors had better drum brakes than ford .
the chrysler - dodge 4 cylinder motors found in their cars from mid - 70 ' s were far superior to the gm or ford offerings .
under those rules , chrysler won every race , because their hemi was a much better motor than the chevy or ford .
chrysler 300 , the large sedan offered by the fiat - owned carmaker , obtained a better rating than rivals from general motors and ford .
i hear those hemi chrysler engines are far better in performance and reliability than any ford or g . m . engine .
i notice when i end up with a chrysler rental , even with high miles , they are holding up better than thier gm and ford counterparts .
ford already closed many of thier underperforming dealerships long ago , a move that , by following your logic , would have given gm or chrysler a leg up .
the reason why chrysler didnt start with the autos yet is because they didnt want to end up like ford with teething problems with thier dry dual clutch transmissions .
when it comes to horsepower , the ford transit connect has a lot less horsepower than the chrysler town and country .
performance when it comes to horsepower , the chrysler 200 is somewhat more powerful than the ford fusion .
performance when it comes to horsepower , the ford focus is significantly less powerful than the chrysler 200 .
ford has greater cash reserves than gm and chrysler , and asked the government to extend a $ 9 billion credit line that it would tap only if the u . s . recession proves worse than expected or one of its competitors fails .
fact is sales of cars by gm and ford are up greater amounts than brands from foreign mfg ' s other than chrysler .
ford did this better than gm or chrysler , and as a result , had every right to expect to be rewarded for doing so with the greater market share that comes when a competitor fails .
the ford line of products has never been better , in fact , the ford line is superior to any gm or chrysler product .
ford quality then was superior to gm or chrysler .
ford has planned better than gm and chrysler .
sure , like ford is any better then gm or chrysler .
ford ceo mulally : we ' re in better shape than gm , chrysler .
ford would be quite a bit bigger fish to swallow than chrysler ..... i would think .
" that made it difficult at chrysler to get the contract passed , but if you think it ' s a problem for chrysler , it ' s even a bigger problem for ford ."
i will never buy gm or chrysler again ( 300m was a bigger nightmare ) and i haven ' t been brave enough to venture ford .
the trucks , derived from ford motor co .' s explorer sport - utility vehicle , had bigger engines than jeeps from the former chrysler corp . they replaced .
mclaren modified the mp4 / 8 mid - season in order for the bigger v12 ( badged chrysler for the tests ) to fit instead of the ford v8 .
i painted my 390 dark ford blue ( got the paint from ford even ), and it ' s lighter than the corporate and darker than a powder blue or chrysler blue .
it was bad enough that the gm offerings were lighter than the fords , but the chrysler products with their uni - body construction were in a different league while remaining in the same class .
the ford small - block is the preferred engine for such swaps , since it ' s smaller and lighter than its chevy and chrysler counterparts , but sometimes you see such a great deal on a used engine that you have no choice but to buy it .
chrysler pressed onward with the heavy chrysler cl valiant glx , a quality car that was not popular due to the availability of sportier and lighter vehicles such as the emerging holden commodore and the new ford xd falcon .
if they aren ' t , then chrysler is no better than ford imo ( the fusion still has an abs option on its fusion sedan ... seems like it ' d be easier to make that standard ).
a lot easier to find in a chrysler than in a ford , gm or toyota .
if you wanted to buy a new car in december , ford seemed to be a safer choice than gm and chrysler , toprak said .
bottom line if you ' re looking to play the automotive industry ' s rebound , i think ford and gm are a much safer bet than chrysler -- and have a lot of upside remaining .
ford had the chance to restructure faster because they were smaller and slightly ahead of the curve than chrysler and gm .
ford faired a little better as they were a little further down the curve than gm and chrysler , but not by much .
the new chrysler corp is ahead of the curve with all the latest tech ( ford is catching up quickly & gm alittle behind ) however it is concerning to see all these sensor problems with the new engine .
ford is in better shape than gm or chrysler because it had already mortgaged its assets in 2006 to raise $ 24 . 5 billion .
ford appears to be in better shape than gm and chrysler , in large part because it mortgaged almost all of its assets in 2006 to raise $ 24 . 5 billion .
" ford is nowhere nearly as bad as chrysler was 10 years ago ," said analyst sasha kamper at principal global investors , which oversees $ 43 billion of fixed - income assets and owns ford bonds .
i never thought about it , but it makes sense that chrysler , gm and to a lesser extent , ford , would be unloading major assets as they slim down and scratch around for cash .
ford was lucky that they put up all of their assets as collateral and borrowed as much as they could before the credit market froze or else they would have been in the exact same situation as gm and chrysler .
and ford is looking better than chrysler now too .
ford fairing better than general motors and chrysler , not going through bankruptcy but still thousands of lay - offs at ford so the outlook hopeful .
in almost every other respect the end of decade ford product lineup looks much better than either gm or chrysler offerings .
ford does a lot of things better than chrysler , but chrysler does have a nice edge if you are looking for a big roomy car with a powerful engine without spending luxury car bucks .
that doesn ' t mean that ford is out of the woods , but they ' re doing a far sight better than government motors and chrysler .
this despite the fact that ford is burdened with a much greater debt burden than chrysler and gm for whom the federal government rolled its bondholders .
ford will be better off than gm and chrysler , and they won ' t have the government telling them what they can or cannot make , he said .
ford came out of the financial crisis much better than its u . s . rivals general motors co ( gm . n ) and chrysler group llc chry . ul , who both went into bankruptcy and had to be rescued by the u . s . government .
overall difficulty of installation in a jetta 1 . 8t with factory monsoon system was more difficult than in an ' 02 ford escape and easier than in an ' 05 honda odyssey .
ford these days have extremely well - engineered products that are no longer inferior to honda or toyota .
when we go on longer highway trips , the car averages closer to 47 - 50 mpgs so we are getting more than double our old ford explorer and about 40 % better than our honda civic was .
imo , companies like honda have a much longer string of impressive performance than companies like ford .
it is about 2 inches longer than the honda pilot and 4 inches shorter than the ford explorer .
the hyundai tucson crossover suv features more interior room than the ford escape without sacrificing standard amenities such as 17 - inch alloy wheels and a turning radius of 34 . 7 , better than the toyota rav 4 and honda cr - v .
the us automaker ' s ford fiesta van ( ok , it ' s car - derived from a really small car ) starts sales in europe this month , and features some fuel economy figures far better suited for a honda civic than an econoline .
you , rightly amazed by this , went out and bought a ford because this feature made it a better buy than a similar cost / spec car from gm or honda ... and that this feature really was the thing that sealed the deal .
to begin with , ford focus is a feature rich car even when compared to a honda civic , toyota altis , mitsubishi lancer and nissan sylphy .
it feels more oafish than passenger - car - based utes such as the ford escape xlt v - 6 ( 759 pounds lighter ), the honda cr - v se ( 989 pounds lighter ), and the toyota rav4 ( 1136 pounds lighter ).
from the 2015 ford f - 150 ' s nearly all - aluminum body to a mercedes - benz c - class that simultaneously grew larger and lighter to the honda fit subcompact , automakers showed they are working harder than ever to reduce the weight of every new vehicle they introduce .
that ' s a few pounds lighter than the honda accord , and nearly 300 pounds lighter than the ford fusion .
but lighter damping ( or shorter wheel travel or both ) caused the honda to bounce off its bump stops more often than the ford did .
toyota and honda had bigger monthly sales declines than did ford and gm .
this because gm and ford are already bigger than toyota and honda , without merging two product lines into one .
it ' s a little bigger than my 2000 honda key , but not as large as the key to the 2013 ford f150 .
it ' s a 5 - passenger crossover suv ( cuv ) that ' s bigger than a honda cr - v but feels a little less substantial than a ford edge .
ford ( or sister division mercury ) is a much better value than toyota or honda for buy and hold consumers .
hell , ford only sold 7 , 000 units less than toyota and chrysler , the weak sister of the detroit companies , outsold both honda and nissan .
in that same vein if acura is not luxury because it is the sister company of honda then neither is lexus , infiniti , cadillac , audi , or lincoln since they are just " expensive " toyota , nissan , chevy , vw , ford .
s in the three years since the fusion , along with its mercury milan and lincoln mkz sister ships were launched , ford has continued to benchmark the leading sedan contenders , in - cluding the toyota camry , honda accord , chevrolei mal -- ibu and nissan altima .
buying a ford f - 150 is better for america than buying a honda fit made in japan .
it ' s slower than the toyota camry hybrid and honda accord hybrid - both of which hit 60 mph in 7 . 1 seconds - but slightly quicker than the ford fusion hybrid .
it ' s quicker than a honda cr - v or a rogue and better planted , too , though it lacks the athletic ride and steering of a ford escape ( and the compromises that brings ).
the honda has a superb diesel engine , it is just so much smoother and more quiet than the corresponding rivals from vauxhall , vw , mazda , ford , renault and so on .
i will stick to japanese brands forever , i also own honda and nissan vehicles : superior to ford in most ways .
no one who knows anything about vehicles would say that honda or toyota are better than ford or gm today .
yes , my truck is american , but overall i believe toyota , honda , and mercedes make better vehicles than ford , gm , or chrysler .
because small cars like the honda civic , vw jetta , and toyota corolla , which get pretty good gas mileage , are much safer than big vehicles like the dodge ram , ford ranger , or chevy s - 10 .
honda used to have the superior interior while ford and gm had uninspiring and cheaper looking interiors .
honda is $ 1403 cheaper than ford .
ford focus has 5 - star euro ncap , n it ' s cheaper than honda civic .
it is cheaper to buy honda and toyota ' s for example than bmw , ford or mercedes cars .
the rx 400h goes from 0 to 60mph in 7 . 3 seconds , a hair slower than the honda accord hybrid but faster than the ford escape hybrid .
mazda ' s gains were below toyota , honda and subaru , but came in at a faster clip than nissan , ford and gm .
i think honda fixes problems much faster than ford because my example of engine stalling problems is still happening after 2 1 / 2 years of sales .
franchitti ' s team kool green reynard - honda was just fractionally faster than brack ' s lola - ford , and he was able to inch away , increasing his lead over brack by two or three tenths of second on each lap .
furthermore , the ford c - max is selling three times faster than prius and honda ( nyse : hmc ) insight , combined .
ft .), than the larger honda civic and toyota corolla , and the hatchback and sedan offer better rear - seat room than ford fiesta .
the honda insight has better fuel economy and a lower price tag - about $ 5 , 000 less - than larger competing hybrids : the toyota camry hybrid and ford fusion hybrid .
the whole ford car being larger than a honda .
the honda accord is larger than the ford fusion .
honda ' s hybrid system is simpler than the more common setups used by toyota , ford and others .
the ford grand c - max ( i . e . called c - max by ford in the u . s .) in the uk is ten inches taller than a honda civic sedan .
the ford fusion will be a preferred with taller motorists due to its higher front head - and legroom than the honda accord .
the logical man would buy the cheaper and higher - tech bmw k1200lt or superior honda gl1800 goldwing .
bmw makes cars that accelerate better , handle better and have more features than a honda all the while being made with higher quality woods and leathers .
maybe , by operating the motorcycles , one notes the weight more contained of bmw , 50 kg lighter than the honda , but of which the higher center of gravity requires finally more attention than envisaged .
it ' s no bmw ( bmw : gr ), but the ct 200h offers a nicer cabin and greater driving panache than high - mileage competitors such as the prius and honda ( hmc ) insight .
plus i figure that the front end of the older bmw ( rwd ) is a lot easier to work on than the newer honda ( fwd ).
because lets face it , a honda is inferior to a bmw on a stock basis .
jee martha ... lets get us a bmw for less of a payment than one the honda salesman quoted us .
yes it is a typical bimmer driver : o and most of us will never change .. because lets face it , a honda is inferior to a bmw on a stock basis .
for example lets say you go to bmw : when you drive on the lot if you roll up in a 1993 honda civic they may be hesitant to help you , heck i would be too because its a waste of their time .
weighing 662lbs ( wet ), the trophy is nearly 100lbs heavier than that bmw , 20lbs heavier than the fjr , but 20lbs lighter than the kawasaki and 70lbs lighter than the honda .
the triumph tiger explorer is heavier than the bmw , certainly , but lighter than either the super ténéré or the hefty honda , and it handles brilliantly , with absolutely neutral steering and an easy , predictable reply to your handlebar questions .
i ' m still baffled that honda managed to get so little usable passenger and cargo space out of a car that was longer and heavier than a bmw 535i .
zero to sixty runs with this car - assuming the bmw nose isn ' t any heavier than the stock honda one - are going to be in the 9 - 10 second range , although handling should still be entertaining .
with a hefty curb weight of 1 , 940 kg , the " baby " mercedes hauls 326 kg more weight down the road than a honda cr - v and is heavier than the comparably priced audi q5 and bmw x3 .
cause a stock bmw is still better then a honda as far as performance goes .
the stock / untouched bmw / mb glass are miles better than the honda / toyota glass that i have to think they are treated .
bmw is a nicer car , handles better , has more prestige ... but will never cost less to maintain than a honda ... .
i would not buy from honda again because they screwed me on my money factor rate for my lease and their cars are inferior to bmw , mercedes and other high end car manufacturers .
since honda accords aren ' t generally considered performance cars , those specs are harder to find than the same numbers for a nissan or bmw , rickando .
and i will grant you that pretty much everyone will agree that bmw 5 - series is a better car than a honda fit .
your honda accord will definitely be more reliable and cost less to maintain than a bmw ; should you keep the bmw past 50k miles or four years .
xpensive wrote : if bmw actually got some of their investment money back , i ' m certain that the munich board are xtremely satisfied to have gotten out of this corrupt business in better shape than honda did .
and that ' s about as startling as saying that bmw owners spend more money than honda owners .
but the average consumer would rather have the honda accord and $ 60 , 000 in walking - around money than the bmw .
bmw is not in the business of designing cars that cost so little money ; they are not honda .
when i had my honda we changed out most everything and it was much simpler than a bmw . . . i doubt that your honda thermostat is much simpler than the bmw unit .
when i had my honda we changed out most everything and it was much simpler than a bmw .
bmw has been making engines just a little longer than honda ect .
bmw has dominated auto racing longer than honda , but honda has dominated motorcycle racing the entire time ( i hate honda bikes ).
if i spent in excess of $ 70 , 000 on a bmw 740 and it didn ' t last longer than my friend ' s honda accord , i ' d be pretty darn annoyed .
the 5 is shorter than both the toyota camry and honda accord by roughly 10 inches , and just an inch longer than a bmw 3 - series convertible .
from the jumbo - shrimp honda fit and the discount - lexus hyundai genesis to the quicker - than - a - cayman bmw 1 series and the cat ' s - meow jaguar xf , this year ' s pool runs deeper than any of recent memory .
yeah bmw the ultimate driving machine that is pulling out of f1 ... the ads during the race just reminded me that they are quiters ... even worse than acura sponsoring the pre grid show after honda has pulled out .
the willing , sewing machine - smooth honda four , super stereo ( much better than the standard benz unit ), real leather ( not the bmw plastic ), terrific hid headlights , no feeling that you ' re being squeezed every dime for things that should be standard .
david rides a honda xr - 650 ; a dual - sport closer to a pure dirt machine than my bmw .
using the slogan " the ultimate driving machine " works for bmw whereas " only six thousand more than a loaded honda " would not .
you bought a bmw hoping to have a superior driving machine , with the reliability and maintenance costs of a honda or toyota .
that ' s as quick as a v6 honda accord , which is fwd ( which means it ' s lighter ) and has 240 horsepower , quicker than a fwd toyota camry v6 and very near the 0 - 60 times of the six - cylinder bmw 330xi and g35x .
70 hp out of a lighter honda will make you a lot faster than 70 hp on a bmw ( depending on the car , see 800 - 1000 + lbs ).
that the honda weighs almost 20 pounds more than the other bikes shocks our test riders , as it doesn ' t begin to feel its weight except in low - speed maneuvering , and even then is much lighter on its toes than the bmw .
after a similarly impressive monday and tuesday in spain , button ' s mercedes - powered car , fundamentally designed under honda ownership last year , was a full second and more quicker than the chasing ferrari , bmw and toyotas .
the honda is modified and is faster than my bmw .
jenson button topped the times sheets on saturday morning with his bar - honda a few hundredths faster than juan pablo montoya ' s williams - bmw with michael schumacher third fastest in his ferrari , albeit four - tenths slower than the colombian .
third fastest was jonathan rea aboard the castrol honda cbr1000rr , the northern ireland rider was 0 . 3 faster than leon haslam on the bmw motorrad italia s1000rr and joan lascorz on the kawasaki racing team zx - 10r ninja .
producing a best of 1min 55 . 157secs , rea - who will make his much anticipated motogp debut with repsol honda next weekend - was three hundredths faster than melandri , who jumped from an overnight position of 12th to go second quickest on the bmw .
i soon learned that a honda civic shifts smoother than my bmw .
when my beloved honda pilot 2006 rides smoother and straighter than my $ 60 , 000 2011 bmw , you can tell this junk is worth nothing .
now to be specific , a cheap , efficient honda civic would be a better option for this over an older bmw .
owners of older gs ' s will probably not be swayed over into honda territory but for the rest ..... look out bmw !
the honda fan in me certainly embraces a willing 4 banger , but the bmw side of me appreciates the older cars more to a degree .
i bet that honda civic owners are younger than infiniti owners and i bet that bmw , mercedes , and porsche drivers are older than infiniti drivers .
on the other hand , they write that the honda is easier to ride , more maneuverable , more comfortable , and carries its weight better than the bmw .
for instance , drop a ford 427 sohc ( single over head cam ) in a 7 series bmw and see what you get .
i ' ve always put handling finesse before horsepower , and in waking states a bmw m3 , volkswagen gti , or a porsche makes my heart beat faster than a chevrolet camaro or ford mustang .
when it comes to horsepower , the bmw x5 has a lot less horsepower than the ford expedition .
the bmw x6 has a little less horsepower than the ford expedition .
it may have less power than the ford but its lighter overall weight ( 1200kg as opposed to 1400kg ) means a better power - to - weight ratio : 253bhp per tonne ( for bmw ) compared with 236bhp per tonne ( for ford ).
the bmw is a good engine and is a bit lighter than the ford , which is always beneficial as you can get the centre of gravity a bit lower ."
pretty sure that a few years ago it was worked out that it was cheaper to buy a bmw 3 - series than a ford focus because of the former ' s ability to retain value .
the ford explorer offers just a little more front head - and legroom than the bmw x1 , offering the driver and front passenger a bit more room and comfort .
ford mustang boss 302 laguna seca - better braking performance than porsche 991 , faster than aston martin dbs , audi r8 , ferrari california , bmw m3 in hockenheim .
ford is faster than bmw but in handling bmw is much better than mustang .
a $ 40 , 000 ford taurus sho is faster and more fuel efficient than a bmw that costs $ 55 , 000 or $ 60 , 000 .
ford ' s gearbox shifts quickly , and according to its engineers , it rips off cog - swaps faster than the automatic in a bmw 335i .
i don ' t hear anyone complaining about the ford edge commercial talking about the edge being faster than the bmw x5 0 - 60 .
the c - max is two and a half inches longer than the bmw , but the bmw has a wheelbase about one inch longer than the ford .
i hate to burst your bubble but bmw does make better cars than ford ( by the way there is no longer a taurus ).
the team no longer ran the bmw 320si but instead competed with the ford focus st for him and rookie team mate liam griffin .
at 15ft 8 . 8in , the mg6 is longer than a bmw 3 - series and shorter than a ford mondeo , but it fits into that end of the market .
reviewers test driving the 2013 ford fusion say you barely feel the transition ( autoweek ), and that the technology is smoother than that of the 3 series bmw ( road and track ).
if we call s & w the bmw , ruger would be the cadillac ( pretty close in quality , smoother operation , just not quite as sexy and not as easy to handle at high speeds ), and taurus as the ford / chevy mid - priced sedan .
the 5 . 0 v8 is world class , and the interior materials are a huge upgrade from anything ford has done in the past , surely nicer than most of what bmw is doing .
i am told that a bmw would be a far nicer car than my ford .
- i assume the audi / bmw would be nicer inside , but that she could get more options for the same price on subie / ford ... .
sure a bmw is nicer than a ford , but they both sit in traffic all day and they ' re really not something to get emotional about .
" the cabin of even the low - rent mercedes , bmw , audi or lexus is a way nicer place to be than the bean - counter crippled schlock from gm , ford or dodge .
by the way i drive a ford focus tdci which has a fantastic engine 100kw and 340nm , quicker from 80km / h to 120km / h than a bmw 130i and my fuel consumption ranges from 4 . 8l / 100km to 7 . 5l / 100km .
a bmw 1 - series may feel more nimble than a ford focus going into a corner , thanks to its quicker steering , but coming out of it ( from experience ), you ' re more likely to get the focus sideways than the beemer .
the bmw x3 is somewhat more expensive than the ford explorer .
to be honest , i don ' t see the renault engine being inferior to either mercedes or ferrari .
mas is only 6th because the ferrari was so superior to the mercedes & renault .
but it was not a case of mercedes domination as he was only 0 . 035 of a second quicker than kimi raikkonen ' s ferrari and 0 . 061 faster than sebastian vettel ' s red bull renault .
yes it isn ' t as cool as a mercedes , ferrari or bmw - but it ' s cooler than renault .
my pace was competitive , even with ferrari at the beginning and even quicker than renault and mercedes .
ferrari had proved they were genuine 2006 contenders , mclaren had pulled off a fantastic podium for raikkonen and shown better reliability than renault , while honda - without button ' s sluggish start - would have got a podium themselves .
if there were any lessons to be learned in the race , it was that the qualifying performances of michael schumacher and kimi raikkonen had only been achieved by the ferrari and mclaren teams running the cars much lighter than renault ran alonso .
heikki kovalainen secured fourth for renault ahead of a subdued kimi raikkonen ( ferrari ).
if alonso can outqualify vettel , massa and hamilton andif ferrari is more relaible than redbull renault then he will be 3xwdc .
ferrari was faster over a race distance than renault .
well , ferrari was faster than the renault from 2nd half onward .
in friday practice the red bull car is 0 . 3 secs faster in the downforce dependent sector 1 alone than the ferrari and half a second quicker than the mclaren and renault .
were the mercedes not in competitive isolation - significantly slower than the ferrari , but a lot faster than force india and renault - then the qualifying speed differences from rosberg to schumacher would be hurting the older man more than they are .
kimi may be has the option sending ham out with a pair of ice - eggs , and in this situation massa will win , the ferrari is faster than the renault .
with alonso departing , however , there is a bit of a problem if kimi raikkonen goes to renault instead of ferrari .
... but ferrari were cleverer than both mclaren and renault - ferrari didn ' t get caught with their hands in the cookie jar !!
renault worse engine and car than mclaren , red bull & ferrari .
fernando alonso ' s ferrari ( 1 : 41 . 314 ) was just a thousandth quicker than mark webber ( 1 : 41 . 315 ), with robert kubica ' s renault ( 1 : 41 . 576 ) a hundredth quicker than felipe massa ( 1 : 41 . 583 ) in the second ferrari .
it was not really a title fight , but like this seasons wasn ' t ... the 2006 ferrari was way superior than the 2006 renault just like the 2012 red bull was vastly superior to the 2012 ferrari .
i think ferrari has developed their f - duct better than red bull , mercedes and renault , and have adapted the exhaust driver diffuser better than mclaren , mercedes and renault as well .
he explained : '' at the moment we look like we are closer to ( renault ) than ferrari , but if it ' s cooler in melbourne , that should help them .''
in his williams fw19 - renault , he qualified 1 . 7 seconds quicker than team - mate frentzen and 2 . 1 seconds quicker than michael schumacher ' s ferrari f310b .
1st - he was alawys quicker than his team mate in the same car , and he took renault forward , being at times the 3rd best team in the weekend ( sometimes better than ferrari , others maclaren ).
even though the combination of alonso and renault was quicker than massa and ferrari , alonso could not begin to contemplate overtaking on the track .
rené ' s renault was a quicker car than gilles ' s ferrari that day , and rené had duly passed gilles for second place a few laps from the end .
additionally , renault and toyota were quicker than us in fuji , so that makes my life and the team ' s much more difficult to compete against ferrari and mclaren .
something to remember about petrov / alonso at abu - dhabi last year is that renault were significantly faster than anyone else down the straghts because they had a better f - duct & had gambled on a lower downforce setting & had run a better pit strategy than ferrari .
in 2003 renault had a car with great handling and downforce , yet the renault engine was rumored to be 60 hp down on power when compared to ferrari and bmw .
the likes of red bull , ferrari and williams had been working flat out during the break , and the arrival at a circuit that rewards downforce over power gave the renault - and ferrari - engined teams hope .
fernando alonso says the 2010 ferrari has more downforce than last season ' s renault but he does not know yet if the car is capable of winning the world championship .
petrov / renault simply did a better job than alonso / ferrari on pit strategy & car setup .
the renault was lapping half a second faster than the ferrari , thanks to vitaly petrov holding alonso up , so now fernando could lose another position when kubica was to pit .
renault driver alonso ' s championship lead stretched out to 12 points on sunday after schumacher - at the wheel of a superior ferrari - had to queue behind teammate felipe massa in pit lane .
the renault was clearly a lot quicker than the ferrari in the middle sector and alonso was able to edge out a gap of ten seconds to his team - mate and twelve seconds to schumacher before he pitted for the first time .
kimi raikkonen in the lotus - renault , on a three - stop strategy , finished in second place , 9 . 3 seconds behind , while felipe massa in the second ferrari finished third , 26 . 0 seconds behind alonso .
ferrari may feel its tyre heating issue compromises the ability to make best use of the strategy but certainly mercedes and renault also have enough pace to make it worth a look .
even so recently as 2010 fernando alonso , following a strategy error from his ferrari team , saw his title hopes disappear in the season ending abu dhabi race as he sat behind the much slower renault of vitaly petrov .
in fact , ferrari is slower than renault and williams .
a retreat of ferrari could kill f1 in a minute , it would be worse than if williams , renault and mclaren would resign together .
i believe thats the case too , the merc ' s out qualifying renault powered cars by close to 3sec a lap and even faster than williams and ferrari by at least 1 . 5 - 2sec .
ferrari is much better than renault , williams , sauber , mgp and fi group .
and i don ' t think anyone believes renault will have a better car than ferrari or rbr next season .
@ biggsy - the assumption that 2016 renault engine is better than 2015 ferrari just because rb took the former is a big jump .
re : this season raikkonen was superb on the whole and only driver more consistent was alonso but the renault was better than the ferrari over the season , hardly ' broker than ever '.
i am quite sure that renault / lotus will be a top performer next year ... along with merc gp hopefully being a better performer than last year together with ferrari , mclaren and rb it will be a scorcher of a season ... can ' t wait .
in sheer speed i would say rb and ferrari are in front but as for the ability to win a race i ' d say renault and mercedes .
my opinion is that ferrari need to give him a good car this year if not then he might jump ship and that is shown in his track record where he jumped from renault to mclaren and then back .
fernando alonso led the first 32 laps of the french grand prix ten years ago today but ferrari used a four - stop refuelling strategy to get michael schumacher into clear air so he could jump ahead of the renault driver and win .
therefore if the allegations are found to be true , renaults ' penalty must be significantly greater than that handed to mclaren over the ferrari spygate affair .
renault wants like mad the 4 - cylinders engine , and has threatened to leave if not entered in f1 , but the strength of opposition by ferrari and mercedes , and mclaren ' s desire is certainly greater .
renault sports are not in the best position financially to aggressively upgrade or fine - tune the engine , compared to ferrari or mercedes .
its what renault does ( really the team is still benetton ) and ferrari is a team that sold sports cars to finance its racing .
ferrari and mclaren are the best known of the f1 frontrunners for their fast transfer of motorsport technologies to sports cars , though renault , mercedes and more recently the team lotus purchase of caterham means that now six of the twelve f1 constructors are transferring their leading - edge go - fast expertise to road cars .
being head of chrysler smashed higher than being middle - management at toyota .
toyota sienna is overpriced junk that has fewer nice features than chrysler minivans .
i find it interesting that chrysler still sells more minivans than toyota and honda combined .
the chrysler minivans topped the chart , coming in ahead of the honda odyssey and toyota sienna .
general motors co ., ford motor co . and chrysler group llc reported better than predicted gains from the year - earlier period in which they dominated the u . s . market because of vehicle shortages at toyota motor corp . and honda motor co . caused by japan ' s tsunami .
but not everybody in the world can afford a new vehicle , and there is alot of old chrysler / dodge / jeep still out there as well as ford / mercury and chevorlet / buick in a million times better shape than a 1997 toyota , or honda .
statistically , for north america , toyota has had more recalls per vehicle than daimler chrysler .
buying a ford , gm , or chrysler vehicle instead of a toyota , bmw , or ferrari is the simplest example .
while chrysler says the sebring offers the same or better epa volume as its competition , the car feels a bit more closely coupled and taller than the ford fusion or toyota camry .
you think the geniuses at toyota would figure out that when you keep taking 3 - 5 % of cost out on an annual basis by using cheaper parts or lowering the quality , after a few years the car is no better than the crap that gm / ford / chrysler was pumping out .
toyota gave us cheaper and better cars , not ford / gm / chrysler competition .
i don ' t buy toyota or honda because they ' re cheaper than chevy or chrysler .
oh , it ' s cheaper to work on but the " quality " chrysler parts need replacing more often than toyota parts .
japanese automakers toyota , nissan and honda each compete in the minivan segment , but when you compare cost to operate with chrysler , the detroit automakers are nearly ten thousand dollars cheaper than their direct competitor the toyota sienna .
trucks make up 70 percent of chrysler llc ' s u . s . sales , for example , compared to 41 percent at toyota motor corp .
chrysler has fallen behind toyota motor corp . ( nyse : tm ) and remains barely ahead of honda motor corp . ( nyse : hmc ) in u . s . new car sales .
the 3 . 6 in the lacrosse / cts ( and chrysler 3 . 5 ) better but still behind even what ' little ole ' hyundai has done - never mind the truly superior efforts from toyota / honda / nissan .
in my opinion dodge and chrysler are far better than toyota , honda , chevrolet or gmc , and are far more reliable .
for all the hoopla i believe chrysler builds a better minivan transmission than honda , about as good as toyota does .
chrysler is growing faster in america than any other car company [ while honda , toyota , and nissan have already outgrown chrysler and thus don ' t have such a huge growth rate or union encumberance ].
eg , kia soul , honda element , kia rondo , honda fit , toyota yaris , smart car look a hell of a lot worse than the chrysler sebring .
acquiring gm ' s europe arm , along with chrysler , would make fiat the world ' s second - largest car manufacturer behind japan ' s toyota .
" but ," says automotive news , " toyota still sold more imports in japan than ford , cadillac , jeep , chevrolet , chrysler and dodge combined ."
an american can own stock in toyota , just like someone in japan can own stock in ford , or a european company can own a large share of chrysler .
toyota is 23 % faster than chrysler .
i know my 2000 chrysler charges my phone faster than i can drain it , yet a friend ' s 20010 toyota matrix can ' t output enough power to charge the phone while using navigation .
our concerns were centered on faster machines , better utilization of those machines , and new technology , while toyota realized that there was a much better way to get an advantage over general motors , ford , and chrysler than to spend lots of money .
11 / 2 / 07 ) this year on nov . 1 , the good news for new ceo robert nardelli and his two vice - chairmen - incumbent tom lasorda and former toyota motor ( tm ) north america boss james press - is that they have the autonomy to make decisions much faster than chrysler could under daimler ( dai ).
my toyota is not inferior to anything chrysler , ford , or gm has produced in the year that i bought .
toyota is better than chrysler ... definately better than gm in many respects .
i ' m surprised you haven ' t received a flood of comments claiming all toyotas are lousy death traps doomed to be recalled any minute , and vastly inferior to anything from ford , gm , or even chrysler / fiat .
honda and toyota hold their value better than any ford , chrysler or gm product .
their cash burn was a lot less than toyota and clearly somewhat better than gm and chrysler .
while the rhetoric tends to be about taking share away from toyota and honda , chances are better than they ' ll be taking it out of the dealerships of chrysler , gm , and ford .
chrysler will still have more dealers than honda and toyota .
gm is aiming to have 3 , 600 dealers by 2 , 010 and chrysler will have 2 , 411 , compared to the current 1 , 304 honda dealers and 1 , 470 toyota dealers in the us .
today , chrysler sells about half as many vehicles in this country as toyota , but it has more than twice as many dealers .
\ 72 \ chrysler , for example , has less domestic market share than toyota ,\ 73 \ but even after its intended closings will have many more dealers .
toyota ( tm ) , which started out with a better quality reputation than chrysler , took a big hit during their recall problems , he said .
the combination of a downstream marque like chrysler ( that does not have the reputation of toyota ) with a higly upstream marque like mb ( that does have a far higher reputation than lexus ) is like mixing oil with water .
i have no doubt that toyota will sell many of these , but the writing is on the wall , just as gm , ford , and chrysler were guilty of in their peak , toyota is starting to let the accountants run the company , and figures it can maintain position through reputation alone .
even though the interior materials of these prototypes was not fully representative , it still looked far better than the interior of the corolla , which reminded us more of recent chrysler vehicles than the high - quality cabins that toyota built its reputation on .
a big reason that chrysler , as well as gm and ford motor ( f ), are so interested in china manufacturing is that they have no good answer for the inexpensive cars being sold by hyundai and kia in the u . s . toyota motor ( tm ) has recently launched the yaris lineup .
but , in truth , just as we didn ' t want to see pontiac soldier on with re - badged toyota and daewoo products in its lineup , lancia would seem to be better off resting in peace that parading out more models like those based on the chrysler sebring convertible or voyager minivan .
there were all sorts of problems including the fact that chrysler vehicles were inferior to japanese vehicles , especially the long - lasting toyota automobiles .
the hyundai genesis 3 . 8 , lexus es 350 , toyota avalon limited , nissan maxima 3 . 5 sv and acura tl were the only vehicles to receive better road - test scores than the chrysler 300c .
although nissan does not have the reliability record of honda and toyota , i have found that their vehicles tend to be better than the chrysler models ... especially as it pertains to durability .
reliability and durability of course is far superior for honda , toyota and even a few german imports than your average gm or chrysler .
my larger point is that the toyota has not been immune from quality and durability ( rust ) issues , the tacoma ' s drivetrains are dated and not as efficient as some of the competition , and that the general motors , ford , and chrysler have closed the quality gap and make very creditable products , especially light duty trucks .
what activities a business undertakes is linked to achieving its competitive advantage , and toyota seemed to be best prepared to implement a global strategy , because of the superior competitive advantages of its foreign operations compared with gm and chrysler .
but still , there are many advantages for the chrysler over the toyota / honda , both of them has their shortcomings , toyota recently slipped behind in terms of quality , especially with the sienna ( and corolla ) - ( consumer reports just rated the new jeep grand cherokee over the toyota 4runner , which tells me something !
detroit - chrysler llc has become as productive as toyota motor corp . in the two automakers ' u . s . manufacturing operations , a much - watched study shows .
fiat wants to combine gm ' s european and latin american operations with the bankrupt chrysler to form the world ' s second largest automaker behind japan ' s toyota .
in an effort to enhance customer service and facility operations , the long - time management team of magnussen ' s auburn toyota has taken over its sister store , magnussen ' s dodge chrysler jeep .
but chrysler also has the highest total wages and benefits at over $ 75 per hour for the average factory worker compared with $ 70 per hour for ford and $ 48 per hour for toyota motor corp ' s u . s . operations .
in many situations concrete is superior to other materials such as wood and steel .
wood and steel tend to be worse then concrete .
the design and construction of these concrete and steel structures normally is much superior to their low - rise , wood - frame cousins .
concrete is fire resistant : solid concrete resists fires better than wood , or steel , and provides a more durable fire barrier than concrete block .
some types of construction ( steel , concrete ) resisted the tsunami better than others ( wood ).
concrete block is stronger and safer than wood .
concrete is stronger and better than wood , masonry , and plastic .
perhaps the single most important advantage of concrete lies in its greater service longevity as a consequence of its lesser tendencies for degradation , in fact , not only is concrete stronger than wood , its strength increases upon aging .
people don ' t think about using fire - resistant materials like concrete which are far superior to wood , nor do they choose modern metal roofing which is durable and easily outlasts shingles ( and weighs less , is stronger in storms , and is much easier to install ).
furthermore , the use of concrete building blocks in lieu of walls constructed with wooden studs will yield a superior structure , being stronger and resistant or impervious to fire , decay , and wood - destroying insects such as termites .
higher resale value : because our concrete log siding is superior to wood , requires little to no maintenance and is resistant to mold and other decay they retain a higher resale value .
:) wood floors do have a higher r value than stone , concrete or ceramic tiles .
second , steel and concrete have higher material strengths than masonry and wood , which makes them
µsv / h , respectively ) showed that concrete dwellings yield higher dose rates than those of wood .
a reinforced concrete monolithic concrete wall offers far superior strength and safety when compared to wood construction .
this concrete pile is far superior to the old ones of wood , both because of its strength and imperishable quality and because of its greater cheapness .
the strength of reinforced concrete construction with stands high winds and tornadoes far better than wood - frame homes .
i like the concrete better because of its strength and it lasts much longer ( more reliable ) than the wood alternative .
there is no chemical reaction between bamboo and cement mortar , the bond with concrete is much greater for bamboo than for any other wood , and bamboo has great tensile strength ( about the same as concrete itself ).
they ' re realizing , ' oh , i like concrete buildings better because there ' s a little bit more soundproofing and the quality of the construction will last longer than wood structure buildings .
i would run furring strips with concrete bolts ( much easier ) , you need a hammer drill to install them .... then just screw the cabinettes to the wood strips , of coarse the screws cant be longer than the strips are wide .
metal or concrete will last much longer than wood .
durability solid concrete construction ensures a longer building life than wood construction .
eco - block - insulating concrete forms ( icfs ) are simpler and easier to install than wood - frame methods , and are vastly more energy - efficient .
it is easier to install on wood than on concrete .
it ' s easier to install tack strips on a wood floor than on a concrete slab .
engineered wood flooring is easier to install than traditional solid wood flooring , and it can be used on any type of sub - floor ( including a concrete slab ) and below ground level .
i decided to pour some concrete , as it would make it easier to clean than wood .
materials with smooth , impervious surfaces ( e . g ., steel , plastic , and sealed concrete ) are easier to clean than other materials ( e . g ., wood or dirt floors ).
concrete is inexpensive , easier to clean and maintain than wood , holds temperature well , and can be custom - fitted into square shapes and rows that share common walls and occupy less space than individual casks or tanks .
concrete is safer than wood , which is very flammable .
concrete firewalls have a 2 hour fire rating and can withstand the pressure of a fire house , providing a much safer alternative to composite wood and drywall .
we welcome a scientific study that challenges the idea that concrete and steel buildings are safer in a fire than those with wood framing , says david lindsay , president and ceo of fpac .
most of the victims were neighbors who thought the two - storey , concrete structure would be safer than their own wood - and - brick shelters , xinhua said , adding another two died in a separate house collapse in the town .
the return on investment for concrete structures is consistently better than wood / synthetics .
it is evident that reinforced concrete is in every way superior to steel , wood or brickwork for structures of this kind , the number of which is increasing rapidly .
wood frame structures on the property are in worse shape than their reinforced concrete counterparts , with deteriorated porches and dormers .
another benefit of the steel - reinforced concrete structure was that these pieces could be prefabricated and assembled at the factory site much faster than wood , concrete , or brick structures .
wood is deemed lighter , cheaper , greener and easier to build with than steel or concrete .
while wood is still lighter than concrete , and a better insulator than steel , they ' ll be putting wood tanks on newer buildings .
the wood component insures a lighter weight than would be achieved with concrete alone .
it also used reclaimed hardwood and being wood it ' s much lighter than steel and concrete .
these are wood buildings , so they will have lighter rubble / debris than concrete / brick ones .
this abc podcast architect michael green unpacks how ' new ' wood is cheaper , safer , and stronger than steel and concrete for making even skyscrapers !
according to dezeen , wood construction can be cheaper , easier and more sustainable than typical steel and concrete constructions .
wood is also easier for me to handle than having concrete poured and it is a lot cheaper with the wood being free !
building with wood can be cheaper , easier and more sustainable than typical steel and concrete constructions , according to architects .
the all - weather - wood foundation ( awwf ) has proven to be quicker , less expensive and simpler to build than its concrete equivalent .
the cheap walls ( wood and whatever ) fail quicker than concrete but they all eventually give away .
cooper homes is a high - end home builder in atlanta whose raised wood floor homes sell quicker and for more money than houses on concrete slabs .
wood is quicker than concrete , bricks and steel but i have used more of those three over the last 10 years .
in our minimum security facilities , we have the ability to construct wood - style buildings much quicker than the traditional concrete and bars .
these studies consistently show that wood is better for the environment than steel or concrete in terms of embodied energy , air and water pollution , and greenhouse gas emissions .
even if it does rot , wood is still way better for the environment than concrete or metal , if you care about that .
a study by the consortium for research on renewable industrial materials suggests that wood framing is better for the environment than either steel or concrete .
cook says that wood is better for the environment than concrete , steel or oil , boosts the economy in rural communities and when harvested sustainably , makes forests healthier .
life cycle assessment ( lca ) studies consistently show that wood is better for the environment than fossil fuel - intensive materials such as steel or concrete in terms of embodied energy , air and water pollution , and other environmental impact categories .
we added the bigger concrete pad in 2010 , but we kept the wood stairs .
setting up a wall on a concrete floor presents a bigger challenge than merely nailing into a wood subfloor .
not sure how to attach the cab to the concrete but once you get that part figured , then cut a hole in your wood that is 1 / 4 " bigger than the base and mount to concrete and use 1 / 4 to complete .
when basil hires o ' reily under sybils nose to install a door , stubbs later points out that the door is in a load - bearing wall , and o ' reily used a wood frame support instead of a concrete one , essentially turning the hotel into an even bigger deathtrap than normal .
wood would be much cheaper than concrete and also easier to build with .
greener than concrete , stronger than wood .
the results are in : according to the athena model , wood is a greener choice than steel and concrete , based on its life cycle attributes .
" despite concrete ' s many sustainability attributes , concrete makers have lost market share to producers of perceived greener materials , like wood and steel that have done a better job of telling their green story ."
second , vegetables are not inherently healthier than dairy , fish , fruit or beef in the same way that concrete is not inherently better than wood or steel .
wood is fibrous , it ' s much easier to split in one direction than the other , the fibers give wood a much greater ability to deform than concrete .
wood is easier to smash through than concrete or glass .
of course goung to a wood substrate is easier than concrete .
and your wood floor is much easier to work on than concrete .
you can spot hits by seeing movement upon impact by seeing impact zone - bullet splatter on white painted steel is way easier to see than a small hole in plywood .
steel - ply averages 80 % faster than job built plywood formwork and two to three times faster for many cut up applications as proven by on the job productivity studies .
features : - glacier collection .- all critical stress joints are corner blocked and supported with high impact metal fasteners .- no sag , sinuous steel wire seat springs .- high resilience , seat foam for superior durability and comfort .- all frames are manufactured using hardwoods and multi - ply furniture grade plywood .
paint adheres to the fiber cement better than wood .
there ' s one more thing homeowners like about fiber - cement siding : it holds paint better than wood .
why you want it : fiber cement holds paint better than wood and is impervious to moisture .
this is a great choice because the fiber cement wears extremely well , doesn ' t rot and holds paint better then wood .
cement board also holds paint better than wood and may only need to be repainted every 15 years or so .
the cement siding does have to be painted , but the material holds the paint better and many time longer than wood .
a ferro - cement hull fishing boat would use materials often easier to obtain locally than wood , and be longer lasting than a wooden hull , especially in tropical conditions .
cement is a better option than wood because it lasts longer , requires much less maintenance , and has fewer spaces for bugs to live in .
( cement board siding holds paint longer than wood .)
fiber cement typically holds paint for several years longer than conventional wood siding .
the puerto ricans found the beautiful and practical cement tiles to be cooler and cleaner than the old colonial floors made of stone , coral , bricks or wood .
lighter than cement board , smoother than drywall , more flexible than cement board , more rigid than drywall , and more inert than cement board , drywall or wood based board materials .
if built using the proper techniques a ferro cement hull will be as light as grp and much lighter than planked wood and steel hulls .
fiber cement installation fiber cement may be heavier than vinyl siding or engineered wood , but it is still lighter than real wood or stone , which means it is not terribly difficult to install .
weiss recommended smartside engineered - wood siding instead of fiber - cement siding , he said , because it is all wood , stronger and lighter , but looks like traditional clapboard .
fiber cement siding holds up better than wood clapboard siding and looks richer and is more durable than vinyl siding and wood siding .
cement is gaining favor because it holds up to the harsh sun , and retains cool air better than a wood wall .
fiber cement siding tends to have better longevity than wood or plastic - based products because it resists cracking , warping , rot , and pest damage - even after exposure to harsh temperature and moisture .
cement board was a good solution for us in that it was less expensive than a wood fence , longer lasting in our harsh north hollywood sun , and is easy to paint . "
siding : fiber cement siding is superior to wood siding .
fiber cement siding is better than vinyl or aluminum at emulating natural wood grain .
metal or cement may hold up better than wood when exposed to rain , wind , and high amounts of sun .
fiber - cement siding doesn ' t fare much better , taking 70 % more energy to produce than wood , and creating 81 % more greenhouse gasses , 67 % more air pollution , 90 % more water pollution , and 96 % more solid waste .
this is not like ash from wood burnings , this is pulverized rocks that when breathed in will act like cement in someone ' s air ways .
wood chips , sand , and grass are much safer to land on when playing outdoors than cement or gravel .
playground equipment that stands over wood fiber , mulch , sand , or rubber mats are a safer choice than playgrounds set up on only cement , packed dirt , or grass .
cement takes a bit of getting used since it is harder than a carpet or wood flooring but the tile flooring is so darn clean ........
while expansion - compression is a significant factor in wood flooring that was installed dry then soaked - wet to cause swelling , the coefficients of expansion for wet wood are notably greater than for fiber cement siding , with wood moisture caused swelling varying by species and direction of wood grain .
many wood floors businesses let you know never to install wooden flooring more than cement flooring , because cement can .
wood flooring is more forgiving on your feet than cement , especially during long sessions .
mouldings handle like wood , which makes them easier to work with than fiber cement , and they offer the durability and long - term performance benefits of pvc at a lower cost .
a search will turn up several vendors , and i ' ve heard the ones that install with a wood type glue are easier than the ones that use contact cement - you only get one try with those .
it is much easier to use a wood piece than to try to cut cement siding around all the obstacles .
installing fiber cement siding ( fcs )- such as hardieplank ® - is easier than you might think , though there are some important differences from traditional wood siding .
a typical greenhouse frame is much easier to attach to wood than cement because there is more flexibility where you may attach the uprights .
wood can burn way faster than cement ... .
for example , wood can burn way faster than cement , iron and other possible materials .
carbide hole saws cut through wood much faster than bimetal saws do and also easily cut through difficult materials , like ceramic tile , brick and cinder block , cement board , fiber cement and plastic .
it goes through the cement board a little faster than a regular jigsaw blade goes through wood .
in summary , one can see that in housing construction the most common substitute is wood shingles , because they have a better optical effect than asbestos cement sheets and are lighter .
due to the use of long wood strands instead of wood particles , it is lighter and stronger and more flexible ( less brittle ) than cement bonded particle board ( cbpb ).
his mind says , " cement is stronger than wood ."
durability cement is a more durable and stronger surface than wood .
cement board used for siding , cement board is stronger than wood , energy efficient , and practically maintenance free .
this siding is made from fiber cement , which is stronger than wood or wood composite products .
they contain soft wood pulp instead of asbestos to reinforce the cement and silica .
plastic boards , like the oxo good grips carving & cutting board , may seem to be safer than wood or bamboo - they ' re easier to clean , they can go in the dishwasher , and they ' re lighter and easier to maneuver around the kitchen .
nonporous surfaces like plastic or glass are easier to clean than wood and thus better in terms of food safety .
plastic accessories are easier to clean and disinfect than are wood accessories .
the plastic handle is easier to clean and sanitize than a wood handle .
the plastic tray is less likely to leak and easier to clean than wood .
i use plastic clothespins , easier to keep clean than wood .
plastic and metal feeders are easier to keep clean than wood .
i ' m not usually a fan of plastic , but it sure is easier to keep clean than wood .
my grandfather built a wooden potty chair for our daughter that has a removable plastic insert for the actual waste ( much easier to keep clean than if it were all wood , of course ).
the nina ottosson range of dog toys have been out for some years now , and in recent times have been remodelled in this more durable plastic , which is much easier to keep clean than the previous mdf / wood incarnations .
the video explains that igps plastic pallets are lighter , stronger , safer and greener than wood .
its 100 percent recyclable all - plastic pallet with embedded rfid tags is lighter , stronger , safer and greener than platforms made of wood and has been adopted by many of the world ' s leading brands .
( a ) the plastic produced by the process is considerably lighter , stronger , and more watertight than wood .
we use high - density polyethylene ( hdpe ) plastic to make our plastic folding tables stronger , lighter , and more durable than metal tables or wood tables .
their conclusion was that in some unknown way , wooden cutting boards are safer than plastic because bacteria dies much faster on wood .
the assumption was that plastic would be superior to wood because it is easier to thoroughly clean a plastic one and so they would not harbor bacteria .
it ' s become an article of faith among experts that plastic cutting boards are safer than wood for food preparation because plastic is less hospitable to bacteria .
some people worry about germs and bacteria , but wood has been proven to be as safe , if not safer , than plastic .
secondly , wood and tree bark are much harder to clean than plastic , ceramic or stone , which means wood is also more likely to harbor bacteria .
plastic , tempered glass or other non - porous boards are easier to clean and sanitize than wood because you can put them into the dishwasher for better cleaning and sanitizing .
wash your hands before handling raw salmon ( or any kind of raw seafood ) and use a nonporous cutting board ( plastic , rubber , acrylic ) which is easier to clean and sanitize than one made from wood .
metal and plastic are safer than wood which is safer than upholstered items .
acrylic or some form of plastic will work better because the adhesive will bond better vs . wood and is much lighter than metal .
happily , plastic moulds last much longer than metal and plastic is lighter to ship than metal or wood .
wood and glass and metal are not only safer than plastic , they give you a much better return on investment as they last and last and last .
when he tried to find out whether plastic was better than wood , whether wood was greener than plastic , which could work better in racks and which was the worst fire hazard , the consistent answer was : it depends .
safe , non - toxic wooden toys - made from sustainably harvested or salvaged / recycled wood that only comes from renewable sources ( i . e ., no rainforest wood ) - are very durable and greener than using plastic .
these days , thanks to aluminum frames and plastic decking , snowshoes are much lighter and less cumbersome than the wood - and - leather rackets worn in centuries past .
in the 1960s , sailboat designers started to experiment with composite materials such as fiber - reinforced plastic ( commonly known as frp or fiberglass ) as a material for building hulls because fiberglass offered a much lighter alternative to traditional materials such as wood and aluminum .
,) i ' m thinking plastic would be a good fit for me as i want something faster than the wood / bamboo i ' ve been using but hate the click etc . of aluminum / metal needles .
tactility is definitely an important aspect of design that designs of glass and steel these days had forgotten , probably due to the fact that plastic and aluminum parts are easier to mold and mass - produce than wood .
by working with abs plastic , hansmeyer could achieve a higher cutting resolution , which gave hima smoother and less jagged surface , resulting in a effect more like carved ice than carved wood .
none of the props were made from plastic , but we make them that way as it gives a better finish than wood or foam which makes for a much higher quality replica .
metal or wood frames are higher quality than plastic .
the wood should be even or higher than the plastic .
this beautiful teak board requires more careful cleaning than plastic boards , but it feels better under a knife and it ' s easier to maintain than other wood boards .
the handle is a hard plastic which i prefer for a brush that gets washed everyday , easier to maintain than wood .
though more costly than traditional plastic materials , fiberglass - reinforced plastic is stronger than wood and easier to maintain .
the simulated wood - panel siding brings back the days of the woodie , but it ' s far easier to maintain in plastic than it was in wood .
wood obviously will absorb the smell a lot quicker than plastic , too .
plastic and bamboo are not the best , as they can dull your razor sharp edge quicker than wood .
the food research institute of wisconsin - madison concluded that wood cutting boards are more hygenic and that bacteria die quicker on wood than plastic .
wood might become slippery when wet , and sea water will warp and erode the planks quicker than a plastic dock , strayer said .
the bees seem to start building on wood frames a bit quicker than plastic ... once drawn out mix and match is ok ... i would not try new plastic and new wood foundationless together at the same time .
real wood is so much nicer than plastic .
adorable wood coffee maker much nicer than plastic toy appliances .
the wood is so much nicer than the plastic cases they sell nowadays .
then there ' s the aesthetic factor , wood just looks and feels nicer than plastic .
the wood really makes it look a lot nicer than the plastic made to look like wood .
as a result , plastic can cause a bigger fire than wood .
the spec v plastic base is a little bigger than the tank and wood is measured in " before finishing " dimensions .
grandview police " shot " the suspects using airsoft guns and plastic pellets that are a little bigger than bbs , wood said .
a hole saw for wood will cut through it but it will make a much bigger mess than one meant for metal or plastic .
the plastic of course isn ' t as durable as the wood , but he loves that they are so much bigger and still fit on the same track system .
lots of people build robots from wood , and its a lot easier to work with than any plastic ...
wood is easier to work with than either plastic or sheet metal , and can be made adequately waterproof with suitable paint and stain ( your house being evidence thereof ).
plastic is easier to work with than wood because the dough does not readily stick to the surface .
this wood container looks much better than a standard plastic cooler , and it matches its surrounding decor .
many different compostable bamboo and wood cocktail picks available look much cooler than plastic picks .
we are a collective group of hardworking craftsmen and women who believe wood is cooler than plastic and overseas labor is so last year .
the good : beautiful craftsmanship , sleek design , wood is chic and so much cooler than plastic , not made overseas like so many other cases are , works with all front and back screen protectors .
terracotta and wood containers dry out more quickly than plastic , but stay cooler .
if the deck board is wood or has wood ( organic matter ) in it , it will attract mold faster / easier than an all - plastic board .
as i mentioned before , plastic is harder than wood , meaning it will dull a knife faster .
wood degrades faster than plastic , we know .
wood fillers also increase profile extrusion rates because wood cools faster than plastic .
vintage wood clothes pins are faster than the new plastic ones .
the wood grabs the yarn better than the plastic ones when i start to wind on and generally seem to wind smoother .
its slips through my hair noticibly smoother than the wood one and my hair is growing faster again back to the speeds it was when i was using my old plastic comb .
in the case of wooden headphones , i would imagine wood is more flexible than the usual plastic or even aluminium of higher - end models , giving them a warmer / smoother ( but less accurate ) sound .
wood is quieter , and it lends itself to modification much better than plastic .
since plastic is a worse amplifier , it will resonate fewer frequencies and it will be quieter than wood .
wood shoes tend to be quieter than aluminum or plastic shoes .
those stocks are still fairly ugly , so far as grain goes , and they almost as much synthetic ( glue ) as wood , but they are warmer and quieter than plastic , without being subject to the warping , softening , or as much chipping as wood .
i bought the larger wood shaker thinking it would have a cool sound , but what i found was that i spent 8x more for pretty much a quieter version of the small plastic one .
chef - i ' ve heard so many times that wood cutting boards are actually safer than plastic , because the wood absorbs moisture , which dries out bacteria and ruptures their cell walls , killing them more effectively than any cleaning of plastic boards would .
clay and wood containers will dry faster than plastic , metal and ceramic because air can enter the walls of these pots .
all of the speakers are enclosed in wood which is better for sound quality than plastic enclosure .
pros + wooden enclosure makes them sturdy + wood is far better for sound quality than plastic + long cables + reach loud volumes despite low wattage + cost is low .
the rubber flooring it looks great , installed in minutes and was much faster and easier to install than conventional tile or a wood , laminate or any other alternative .
szisz also was sporting those newfangled rubber tires on rims , which change faster than regular wood wheels .
it is commonly used with softer materials like brass , plastics , and rubber , and abrasive materials like glass and enamel , but can wear out faster than aluminum oxide when used on wood .
having the plates roll on wood is faster than on rubber mats .
the rubber mulches burned faster and hotter , creating a more severe fire that was harder to put out than the one in the wood mulch .
as playground safety surfacing , groundsmart rubber mulch is far superior to its wood counterpart , because a six - inch layer of groundsmart rubber mulch will cushion a child ' s fall from as high as 16 feet .
the rubber pad provides a much better grip on the wood than does a bare hand plus it puts another layer of protection between that hand and the cutter .
it ' s job is to provide ground potential base for your insulating layer , which is not a perfect insulator as nitrile rubber is 625m ohms per 1 / 4 length ( better conductor than wood ).
a flat smooth surface that the rubber feet will stick to is better than a more roughly textured surface ( like particle - board or bare wood , for example ) where the player can move and vibrate more freely .
while wood chips are considered a good alternative , the best surface is a nine inch layer of shredded tires covered by a layer of granular rubber crumbs glued together .
some years ago , pachmayr did handgunners a big favor and developed a rubber replacement grip that made the recoil easier to handle and actually seemed to fit many hands better than the factory wood grips .
literally everything has changed , especially all materials , wooden instruments are still favored , but many are made fromhard rubber , whichis much easier to , machine nd finshe and stands the rigors of tempeature changes much better than wood .
i mean , the cannon balls would bounce right off , and rubber would be easier to work with than hard wood or metal .
rubber tool is much easier to use than the wood roller in large areas , but i found the wood roller to be helpful in tight spaces as well .
vinyl and rubber molding is often selected over traditional wood baseboards because it is typically less expensive and is generally easier to install .
i did order the combat rubber grips from ca which fit perfectly and was easier to grip than the original smaller wood grips .
it is ergonomically shaped and is made of a hardened rubber material , so it is much easier to grip than knives with handles of metal , wood , phenolic compound , etc ..
it is ergonomically shaped and is made of a hardened rubber material , so it is much easier to grip than knives with handles of metal , wood , phenolic compound , etc ... ( you ' ll really appreciate the handle when dealing with slippery items such as raw chicken or fish ).
using foam rubber and sandwiched styrofoam , hanson created a trailer that was lighter , stronger , and better insulated than the traditional wood - based vehicle .
home of k . a . s . h . playground , a universally accessible playground , built over a poured rubber surface , which is smoother on wheels , more gentle on falls , and lasts longer than wood chips .
rubber is better than wood , it lasts longer , and it is painted and coated so it doesn ' t leach into the soil , says zamir .
and rubber mulch ( tires ) take longer to catch than wood .
rubber or concrete lasts longer than wood or asphalt and requires less maintenance .
further , rubber mulch is longer - lasting than wood mulch and won ' t blow away .
i replaced the rubber roof because john said it would be better than bare wood .
joseph ( and now john , his nephew ) are great believers in underdamping cartidges for best sound ... they use wood as their natural damping agents instead of rubber ( synthetic or otherwise ) internal in the cartridge .
" you won ' t see me " - rubber soul rubber soul is a pretty angry record when you look at it ; john sets a girl ' s house on fire in " norwegian wood ," and tells another that " i ' d rather see you dead , little girl , than to be with another man ."
armed with a broken - down rubber octopus previously seen in a republic pictures john wayne movie called wake of the red witch ( 1948 ), a leading man ( tom mccoy ) who couldn ' t act ( but whose father provided some of the financing ), as well as bela lugosi , tor johnson , and a somewhat better - than - usual script , wood next created bride of the monster , an attempt at a horror picture in the style of the classic universal films wood had grown up on .
the watch felt smooth and sleek on my skin and the wood material is definitely lighter than stainless steel or rubber straps of the usual watch brands .
because of them being beech wood they will last for a long time but i prefer the lighter appearance of the rubber wood tracks that we have from another railway system .
rubber drum mallets are harder than felt and softer than plastic or wood , allowing for softer sounds when played at lower volumes and for staccato sounds when played louder .
wood is stiffer than rubber but softer than plastic , so you will need to be cautious .
rubber bark is safe ( nontoxic ) : it is softer than wood and is ada compliant .
the softer rubber grips will also take a lot of the sting out compared to wood grips .
the chrome and laquered wood surrounds to the windows where normal cars just leave an exposed rubber seal .
rubber grips don ' t help recoil any better than a well fitted pair of wood grips .
i ' m much more adept at fitting a pair of rubber grips than a pair of wood or plastic grips .
the coefficient is also unique to every pair of objects : rubber on ice has a different coefficient of friction than rubber on wood , for example .
the wood also has a small chance to drop the resin when it is being chopped down , but this is not very productive without a supply of rubber tree saplings .
wood is better for doing the olympic lifts on than a rubber surface .
the heel : heels made from wood or leather are far better quality than those made of plastic or rubber , and thus far easier for a cobbler to work with .
the marshals find it easier to approve a concrete system because those systems have better fire resistance than do steel systems .
tests showed air - sealed concrete roofs can withstand uplift better than steel - and - plywood systems , while winds can cause photovoltaic panels to destroy waterproof membranes .
also , the cost of material , the steel and steel brackets is higher for steel piers than pressed concrete or poured concrete foundation repair systems .
concrete would theoretically be cheaper and easier to place , plus its far better fire rated than plain steel , in fact plain steel is so poor in fire situations , it must be covered in fire rated materials .
in general it is far better than concrete for this purpose as it is considerably lighter for the same fire based insulation qualities and unlike concrete it tends not to have corrosive chemicals in it which attack the steel .
the asbestos spray on coating of steel trusses used in the wtc towers was considered by chief of the new york city fire department , at the time , john t . o ' hagan to be inferior to concrete encasement of steel .
concrete ships are much easier to maintain than steel and quite sturdy .
its floors are bare concrete slabs , which are more durable and easier to maintain than linoleum or carpet , its ceilings steel beams and huge skylights , to save electricity .
" besides concrete bridges are easier to maintain compared to steel bridges , which has to be protected every year against rust .
newer buildings now use a lot of steel , which is significantly lighter and stronger than concrete , and therefore , have larger windows .
the tensile stresses generated in concrete when drying shrinkage occurs are neutralized or balanced ( because the concrete is in compression ) until the magnitude of the drying shrinkage is greater than the magnitude of the tensile stresses of the steel reinforcement .
although the ductility of concrete is several orders of magnitude lower than steel , it still exhibits considerable deformation before failure .
as opposed to concrete blocks or poured concrete , precast concrete panels by superior walls are steel - reinforced and created in the manufacturing process with dow ® styrofoam ™ boards , which provide excellent rigid foam insulation .
forever green concrete forms profile grid wall type insulated concrete form ( icf ) blocks with superior characteristics : r - 52 insulation value , four - hour fire rating , 0 voc ' s , and less than half the steel and concrete of a typical icf .
the advantage of using steel is that it is lighter and easier to move and assemble than concrete .
in addition , steel structures are lighter than concrete .
steel is lighter than its structural equivalent in wood , concrete , or masonry .
a steel structure is up to 50 % lighter than an equivalent concrete structure .
moso bamboo is referred to as vegetal steel , it is lighter than steel , but five times stronger than concrete .
gluing tile on a myrtha stainless steel surface is much easier and safer than on concrete , as there is no possibility of water seepage from behind the tile and the traditional problem of poor long - term adhesion is therefore eliminated .
hate to say it , but an angled steel plate is probably safer than the cinder blocks / concrete .
construction of a building with a steel frame is inherently safer than constructing a building with a concrete frame .
but the alliance lacks any scientific evidence , research or statistics to substantiate its claims that concrete is safer than steel .
however , like most high speed ovals in the usa , the las vegas track has safer ( steel and foam energy reduction ) barriers rather than concrete walls .
this is a bigger bridge , more steel involved than concrete .
this rusted steel is larger than its original form , which further pressures the concrete , causing bigger and longer cracks .
going from osaki through gotanda to shinagawa , the buildings become bigger and taller , more glass and steel than concrete .
for schoonbeck , lifting the steel plates , which weighed several tons per piece , was a bigger construction challenge than pouring extra concrete .
the steel door hole cut , would be 1 inch bigger all the way around then the hole cut into the concrete structure .
particularly relevant was the reduction in construction programme as a result of the steel composite bridges being 40 % lighter than concrete alternatives and therefore much quicker and easier to construct particularly in sites with difficult access like contact energy and the waikato river crossing .
however , the steel core has the advantage of a quicker finish than a concrete core .
it is made of steel sheeting and is cheaper and quicker to erect than the usual concrete retaining .
by standardizing the steel and limiting the number of designs , steel producers believe they can offer bridges that are quicker and less expensive to build than a concrete version .
the actual pool is a steel tank , novel in this country but cheaper and quicker to install than the usual in - situ concrete construction covered in glazed tiles .
this may be due to the fact that the longer ( of the three tested ) steel fibers better resist debonding from the concrete matrix than non - steel .
the composite beams , made from glass fiber , foam and steel , are better able to resist corrosion and can last 100 years longer than ordinary concrete and steel bridges , according to popular science .
in addition , create a concrete mix that is highly impermeable by using a mix with a low water - to - cement ratio ( typically no greater than 0 . 40 ) so that it takes longer for the chlorides or carbonation to reach the steel , says brainerd .
he believes the concrete would last longer than the steel towers .
these concrete bunkers are extremely durable and last much longer than wood or steel storage units .
but for the building that is ten stories tall , and certainly any buildings that are taller , steel would be a better choice since its compression strength is twenty five times greater than the compression strength of the concrete .
steel is about 50 % lighter than other common building materials and can be integrated into wood and concrete structures as well .
buildings framed with cold - formed steel ( cfs ) can go up much faster than traditional heavy materials like concrete and masonry .
if you ' re looking to be cheaper than steel , there are quite a few options lighter than concrete .
if the downrange walls / ceiling / floor are armored with steel this is easier and cheaper than block or concrete .
bamboo and steel with their tensile strength are much better suited to this and cheaper to construct buildings that will withstand these challenges than bricks and concrete .
although bamboo is a lightweight material , once cured , it can be stronger than some forms of steel and is known to have greater compression strength than concrete .
bamboo is extremely flexible , it ' s water resistant and it ' s actually considered to be stronger than steel and is able to withstand compression better than concrete .
concrete is heavier than steel , but steel is much stronger .
in a seaway rolling of a concrete ship was slower and more ponderous than that of a steel ship of comparable dimensions , a reflection of the larger moment of inertia produced on the longitudinal axis from the concrete mass ... even when loaded with cargo .
steel stiffness is about six times larger than concrete or gfrp .
steel is about eight times stiffer than concrete , meaning its modulus of elasticity is eight times larger than concrete .
( the steel - framed addition features larger bays and requires fewer columns than the existing concrete structure .)
this is possible because the speed of sound in the steel cable is faster than the speed of sound in concrete .
i prefer hardibacker , a proprietary cement / gypsum product that ' s lighter and easier to cut than trad ' l . concrete boards .
aggregates are generally cheaper than cement and impart greater volume stability and durability to concrete .
the mix they developed actually performs better than concrete made with virgin materials , even though aci 318 does not recommend greater than 50 % substitution of scm for cement in concrete for severe exposure .
shotcrete with its high cement factor and low water to cement ratio has greater corrosion inhibition , impermeability , and strength than conventional concrete .
when the mineral admixtures react completely in a blended cement system , their demand for curing water ( external or internal ) can be much greater than that in a conventional ordinary portland cement concrete .
cement with superfine and ultrafine particles as specified above displays higher strength , superior aging and faster curing in concrete formulations .
but italcementi group said , our transparent cement is much superior ( to the transparent concrete ) in terms of cost and strength .
while compressive strength of gfrc can be quite high ( due to low water to cement ratios and high cement contents ), it is the very high flexural and tensile strengths that make it superior to ordinary concrete .
the dried material is useful in many applications where cement is used and has fireproofing and strength characteristics superior to ordinary concrete .
constructed of cement and jute fiber , this nativestone ™ sink is lighter and more attractive than standard concrete .
also some other hemp products are cement like blocks that are stronger and lighter than concrete .
hypertufa is a cement like material that is much lighter in weight than regular concrete , made using portland cement , perlite and peat moss .
made of jute fiber and cement , this nativestone ™ sink is lighter than concrete and also easy to maintain .
... make up over half the volume , and sand / cement is much easier to mix by hand than concrete .
as for your crushed stone surface , using this method with a stone dust / cement mix will make for a surface smoother than soil , but rougher then concrete .
concreting wellington ... one driveway at a time ... mike ..." mr smoother " and his concrete team had an early start on this job at 6am when the ready mixed cement truck arrived ... the finished job was just looking right for me to do my hollywood action and leave my hand print ... yeah right !!
calportland , a california - based cement company , will give the upper skagit library a 1 . 9 - acre parcel located near the intersection of superior ave . and sr 20 in concrete for the site of a larger , better - equipped library .
the properties of carbonation depth and creep strain of hwangtoh concrete , however , are larger and smaller , respectively , than in ordinary cement concrete .
concrete and stucco are as far as i know are portland cement with aggregates - larger aggregates for concrete and more sand / lime for stucco .
thanks to the innovations of engineers and concrete contractors over the years , concrete construction is providing cement buildings that are larger , taller , more complex and more safe than ever before .
in addition , geopolymer concrete is inherently lighter than portland cement which makes the resulting panels easier to handle .
further , concrete made with ccps is easier to work with than concrete made only with portland cement , due in part to its better pumping and forming properties .
i like that better - it ' s cheaper than concrete , easier to maintain / move if the family decides to leave , and we don ' t have to wait for cement to dry .
the cement has lime in it ; mortar sand is finer than the sand used in most concrete .
the cement used in the floor was made from silica , which is ten times finer than regular concrete .
methods to increase the density of concrete , and thereby reduce it ' s permeability are achieved by : 1 . reducing the water in the original mix ( utilize super - plasticizers ) 2 . increasing the " fines " in the original mix ( silica fume particles are 100 times finer than cement particles ) 3 . practicing approved curing methods 4 . proper placement and compaction of the wet concrete 5 . employing specialty " waterproof " ( densifying ) admixes
while fly ash is a waste material obtained from coal combustion in power plants that is broadly used in concrete applications , this work investigates the use of higher volumes of fly ash with an emphasis on replacing a greater cement volume than what is typically done .
polymer concrete displays higher compressive strength and flexural strength when compared to portland cement concrete .
the proportions of cement to sand are much higher than in ordinary concrete .
stronger aggregate bonding from higher cement content than typically used in pavement quality concrete .
increase in strength of superplasticised concrete as reported by johnston ( 1979 ) the superplasticised concrete developed higher strength than normal concrete of similar water cement ratio .
it is reusing a waste product - fly ash is a by - product from coal burning power plants - that can make concrete lighter , stronger and cheaper than using traditional mixes with portland cement .
in addition , concrete with fly ash costs less , because fly ash is typically cheaper than cement .
buying the raw materials , gravel , portland cement and sand is considerably cheaper than buying pre - mixed concrete patching .
the bulk cost of chemicals needed to manufacture geopolymer concrete is cheaper than those required in forming portland cement .
he had worked for various concrete contractors in the merrimack valley during his long career as a cement finisher .
the cement finisher is distinguished from the public works supervisor as the latter classification has full supervisory responsibility for the performance of multiple crews engaged in the work of an assigned work division ; while the cement finisher performs advanced - journey level concrete construction and cement finishing work with responsibility for the field supervision of an assigned crew and job site safety .
at approximately 11 a . m ., the victim and another cement finisher were on the second story floor guiding the pump truck , which was pouring and working down the concrete .
the bigger thicker concrete base is probably easier to do than the cement sonatube installation , however the latter one doesn ' t freeze .
it is interesting to see that the choice of a different type of cement has a bigger influence than the reduction of the concrete cover .
if you spend big money you can get a safe that has cement in the walls ... but we are talking bigger money .... it would be easier to build a safe in the concrete floor .
not wort it to him .. if you spend big money you can get a safe that has cement in the walls ... but we are talking bigger money .... it would be easier to build a safe in the concrete floor .. with a thick top just using the door of the cheaper safes ... if you feel that threatened ..
after the first winter it appears that the concrete is cracking away faster than i expected and the gravel under the cement is becoming more and more visible .
if demand for concrete continues to rise faster than the emissions are reduced then the negative environmental effect of cement manufacture will continue to worsen .
heat of hydration : the initial impetus for using fly ash in concrete stemmed from the fact that the more slowly reacting fly ash generates less heat per unit of time than the hydration of the faster reacting portland cement .
although carvable cement , often called ferrocement , weathers faster than typical concrete , it will still last for many years .
some believe that the movement toward quicker setting cement and faster construction may be detrimental to long - term concrete durability .
as a result , some researchers are suggesting that the movement toward quicker setting cement and faster construction has been detrimental to long - term concrete durability .
not only is installation simpler , concrete patios are also easier to maintain than natural stone , since you don ' t have to worry about weeds sprouting up between joints or about pieces becoming loose or cracked .
because the concrete was harder than the limestone , water seeped through the stone instead of the mortar joints .
if your using a flat stone with joints in between then you can lay it right over the concrete .
snow removal from concrete is easier than from mulch or stone .
a concrete slab is an easier work surface than gravel / crushed stone .
building with uniformly - sized concrete block makes the addition of vertical pieces much easier than working with stone , poured concrete , or other materials .
... concrete is very affordable too , around one - fifth less than natural stone ... salt stains , moss and weeds , and on top of that , they ' re expensive to lay .
patio on a hot day , the concrete set faster than i could get all the stone embedded .
the reason for the low price is that concrete is much faster to install than say , natural stone pavers .
concrete bollards are necessarily heavier than thin pipes , and are often chosen for faster vehicular speeds , but bollards can be made of stone as well .
pool decks made of concrete can often be installed faster and at a lower cost than comparable materials , such as natural stone , brick or tile .
calgary , ab -- ( sbwire ) -- 05 / 05 / 2014 -- although stamped concrete is often faster and more convenient to install than brick or stone , it ' s still a complicated process requiring the right tools , materials , expertise and jobsite conditions to ensure a successful outcome .
finished hypertufa pieces are heavy as stone but not as heavy as concrete .
cast stone can be stronger than precast concrete , and is easily cast to produce identical pieces .
looks and feels like real stone , has color throughout material and is more economical than real stone pieces comparable to concrete .
when you factor in the embedded energy and the $ 500 / ton price tag , i ' m not sure connecticut blue is all that much better than just using recycled concrete / urbanite for a patio , but there ' s no question the stacked flagstone makes a much nicer step .
concrete is probably the cheapest way to get the look of stone for the price of ceramics .
while the initial price of stamped concrete exceeds that for asphalt of plain concrete , it is much more competitive than installing natural stone , brick , or precast pavers .
" you don ' t have to actually pay the price of natural stone but you can get the look of real stone with a man - made concrete product ," she said .
most concrete pavers have flat bottoms and come in identical sizes , meaning that they are easier to install than natural stone .
natural stone trucked from hundreds of miles away may be no better for the environment than a concrete block manufactured just down the road .
this method is not only stronger than a traditional stone wall , it is also faster , easier and less expensive to build and eliminates the need for concrete form rentals .
fiber stone contains a mixture of sand , stones and fiberglass to be stronger but lighter than concrete .
synthetic stone is significantly lighter than natural stone and concrete but is stronger , more durable , and looks and feels identical to stone ( doesn ' t look like plastic ).
durable - tumbled stone is stronger and more durable than concrete pavers or chiseled natural stone .
durable : natural stone is stronger and more durable than concrete pavers .
it has a greater abrasive resistance than limestone or poured concrete , and is crack resistant .
bricks bricks - advantages over stone : bricks have greater fire resistance than stone or concrete masonry its size enables easy handling and placement in walls it can be easily adapted to small - scale and large - scale structures to give pleasing appearance and texture .
however , it should not be less than 0 . 25m . wherever the velocities are high for which the size of stone is greater than 0 . 4 m , cement concrete blocks of thickness 0 . 4 to 0 . 5 or 0 . 6 m may be used .
concrete of this character obviously requires more cement than would concrete using larger stone , since the stone surface to be coated is greater .
concrete makes possible more construction on a greater scale than would have been possible with stone , brick or lime .
hone faced flagstone has a much smoother appearance but is still a bit rougher than concrete .
diamond - ground portland cement concrete can be smoother than stone matrix asphalt ( sma ), as was demonstrated by high - speed profile testing of adjacent sections on i - 290 , the eisenhower expressway ( a . k . a . the " ike "), on chicago ' s west side .
it is the minimum distance between your antique fireplace andirons and all homes or other structures must be observed . most cities will also need to obtain a building before construction . they need and want attractive routes to the main living and play areas . this can be permanent or movable . brick and stone give a homely , more natural appearance than concrete , but might be smoother safer .
after a very fruity smoothie from standing stone , we were on our way along a boring stretch of highway for about five miles , but luckily we were riding along the glistening juniata river , which was just so pretty and captivating , making the concrete seem grander and the bumps seem smoother just by flowing fifteen yards away .
stepping stone construction lighter than concrete and will not crack over time .
cast of durable fiber stone , a mix of sand , stones , and fiberglass that is lighter and less fragile than concrete .
hypertufa is a simulated stone container that is durable in all weather conditions , but lighter - weight than solid stone or concrete .
crafted from durable and weather - resistant fiberstone , a blend of sand , stone , and fiberglass that is lighter and less fragile than concrete .
concrete commonly contains brown quartz sand grains that give it a rougher finish than cut carthage stone .
the floor of the narrow hallway was made of small stone and some type of fine mortar ; the effect was similar to concrete , but rougher .
liquid stone is a very unique quartz and polymer coating that is far superior to other coatings because it does not contain any concrete in the mixture .
the stone is very comfortable to walk on , and in a garden setting , it gives a much friendlier and natural appearance than a comparable concrete walkway or sidewalk .
lighter than concrete , this fiberstone statue can easily be adjusted or relocated to a new area of your landscape . crafted from durable 100 % fiberstone , a weather - resistant mix of sand and stones with fiberglass backing .
concrete ties are cheaper and easier to obtain than timber and better able to carry higher axle - weights and sustain higher speeds .
it seems that timber has a higher thermal mass than concrete but is lighter in weight .
disadvantages - timber cost , both for material and connection , are much higher than the traditional structural materials of steel and concrete .
the shear forces created by a timber floor expanding and contracting at a much higher rate than concrete can tear standard floor leveling products apart .
it has been found that concrete absorbs heat at a higher rate than timber , therefore we developed a mat with an output of 150w / m2 to counter - act this .
at present , the tower is of reinforced concrete structure instead of timber frame .
an existing timber structure was moved to the site and placed on in - situ concrete walls .
( iv ) steel or concrete spans instead of timber trestle .
the inside has been painted , but we are waiting for some faults in the concrete slab surface to be rectified before we can get the timber floors laid .
this photo shows a cross section of timber fastened inside a steel frame lying on its side , long way in the picture , with four cross bars bolted across the top to hold the timber in place , on a concrete surface .
the richmond tunnel is mostly covered with a fiber concrete that protects against collapse , but the acid salts eat away at the material deeper inside , exposing rotting old timber beams .
last week , amazon unleashed its new video - streaming device the amazon fire tv ( or firetv , as the label reads ), which the company says would be faster and easier to use than competing devices like the google chromecast apple tv and the roku products .
amazon appstore has much greater potential than google android market .
amazon better for generating app revenue than google , flurry says .
in my experience , too many of these android apps - which google doesn ' t vet in advance - are flaky and inferior to those in the curated collections of apple and amazon .
the amazon appstore is doing a better job selling apps than google play is .
i haven ' t spent much time with amazon mp3 , and i find the integration with my devices to be superior to google music .
since day one i thought amazon offered a better product than google music .
on the whole , amazon offers better prices on music than itunes or google play .
this comparison shows that amazon kindle fire hd is better than asus google nexus 7 for appearance , while asus google nexus 7 is better than amazon kindle fire hd for business , photography , music and entertainment .
amazon is just so much better and their music is always cheaper than google too .
same reasons why google storage is okay but google prediction api gets slower liftoff than amazon console ( now with free instances ) - though the r interface to prediction api sure helps .
as a rapidly growing video site that has generated more web traffic than facebook and hulu in past months , twitch will give amazon greater scale to compete for ad dollars with the google - owned youtube , the world ' s biggest online video destination by far .
now i ' m uploading to amazon because of the unlimited storage and the app is working much better than the google music app currently is .
based on info i ' ve seen several people skipped play in favor of amazon because it was much quicker for delivery ( that , and they ' ve handled massive volumes of sales much better than google has in the past ).
why amazon still wins amazon has two superior delivery services google and b & n can ' t match .
for google , the arrangement is just another step toward building a list of retail partners that allow it to offer a comparable , if not better , collection of products for same - day delivery than amazon .
however , the content provided by the amazon machine is still far superior and easier to get at than that offered by google .
amazon has better operating growth than google , and it ' s beating ebay in sales volume and customer acquisition .
in some ways , amazon is better suited to be a true tablet competitor than google , and the subsidized price point is obviously an advantage they ' ll have in terms of sales .
' the threat to google is if large enough volumes of consumers looking to buy products stop searching google and instead simply enter the amazon store .
i don ' t know what kinds of volumes ( traffic and hosting ) google ae is handling at this point , but at this point i think i would trust google more than amazon .
other than being affordable , the google nexus 7 is lighter and more portable with its 7 - inch screen and 340 gram weight - even lighter than the successful amazon kindle fire .
moreover , the google nexus 7 is both lighter and skinnier than the amazon kindle fire , which again contributes to its more natural feel in the hand .
amazon realized that people like lighter smaller tablets for ebooks a long time ago and i ' m glad google / asus did too .
priced in line with the amazon kindle at $ 139 , the iriver story hd is lacking in certain features , but to some it ' s made up for it with a higher resolution display , longer battery life , lighter weight , expandable storage with sd card , and google ebookstore integration .
google ' s entry could cause this e - book technology to explode ... google has much greater reach than amazon .
drop in google of 1 / 3 loss of market cap 47 , 143 , 925 , 136 this is greater than all of amazon at its peak .
for struggling independent bookstores , a customer donning google glass with built - in isbn capture search could be a greater threat than the amazon price check contretemps .
clearly , the volume of searches [ and potential book - buying discoveries ] on google is vastly greater than even amazon [ or ebay ] can claim .
having already digitized twelve million books , including out - of - print titles , google will have a far greater selection than amazon or apple .
that ' s because google is better than bing ( unless you ' re searching for porn ), amazon is more convenient and or generally cheaper than b & n , and windows is easier to use ( excepting windows 8 ) than linux .
when the product was released , google stated that its service would be faster and cheaper than what amazon provided .
google is starting in a better position than amazon did : even the 16gb nexus 7 is cheaper than the highest historic cost of anamazon tablet . costing just $ 159 . 25 (£ 103 ) in materials .
if google starts selling cheaper than amazon , amazon will cut their prices and margins .
google won ' t end up being cheaper than amazon due to competition , but neither will amazon be cheaper due to volume .
amazon being in a similar position , along with potentially smarter strategies for selling content , may be why the amazon appstore is just so much more successful at this point than google play .
most existing ones are used to search documents ( google performs document search ), but more often than not , companies need smarter database search ( searches on amazon and linkedin are both examples of database search ).
zach : i love google adsense and find it easier in most ways than amazon .
still , simply writing an app and uploading it to google ' s cloud is significantly easier than fiddling with amazon web services and beanstalk .
google seems to have decided it would be much easier to integrate with amazon than to seek licensing from the labels and consumer mindshare on its own .
it ' s the first i ' ve heard of the google books site , too , and the book viewing is much easier for me than on the amazon site .
that quotation explains why the amazon appstore is both smaller than google market and safer .
add more authors , more newsletters , more websites , more google hits , and we have a niche cloud store that attracts fans , makes us higher profits , and is easier to find things than on amazon .
each of these devices offers very similar hardware components , including an 8 - inch screen running at a lowly resolution of just 1280 x 800 - the google nexus 7 offers a superior 1080p screen , whereas the amazon kindle fire hdx goes even higher at 1920 x 1200 .
" it ' s higher than amazon , and it ' s higher than google ."
amazon is trading at a much higher multiple than google across the board .
even though google is the better , higher growth company , amazon is still more expensive .
leo : somebody said this , and this is interesting , that the payment api is easier to use for amazon than it is for google .
with the roku , just three " channels " of netflix , hulu and amazon gave me access to plenty of tv far more easily than google tv ever did , at a far cheaper price , in a device much easier to use .
it doesn ' t help that google ' s android also runs rings around the iphone 5 with a broader selection of devices and partners than windows phone offers , a better apps selection than windows phone , and viable ecosystem choices from both amazon and google .
the changes help make google play a better alternative to apple and amazon alternatives .
although , the google play version of a game tends to get faster updates than the amazon one .
i ' m so glad i did because google play is so much better than the amazon appstore .
it also then allows you to use google play , which i like better for music than amazon .
i don ' t recall the specific example right now , i just noticed that google music played it better than amazon mp3 .
amazon made it easier to buy than it was to steal it and sites like pandora and youtube made it easier to sample music before we bought it .
the cut version is available from 32p on amazon but i would recommend not getting either and just watching the full movie on youtube it ' s easier .
the good news is that it ' s inevitable - witness the rise of netflix instead of blockbuster ; amazon / ebay / itunes instead of wal - mart ; youtube instead of tv , all of which focus on the thousands of individual niches of smaller interests that are in sum greater than the only the most popular interests .
if you ' re disappointed that i didn ' t review the gameplay then it ' s only because i can ' t compete with youtube videos , which will give you a better idea about gameplay mechanics than all amazon reviews combined .
thanks matt , i have used amazon reviews , but never thought of using youtube comments .
again the kingston v + 100 does very well , opening photoshop faster than the crucial m4 and much faster than the intel x25 - m .
it ' s because the kingston ram is faster than stock and the integrated intel gpu uses the system ram .
the kingston ssdnow v is faster in this test than the small intel x25 - v , but the raid and high - end ssds again show a clear lead .
the kingston v + series is suppose to be faster because it supports sata iii while the 160gb intel x25 - m is sata ii .
the intel drive won this one handily coming in 10 to 11 seconds faster than the kingston drive , which is surprisingly only less than 2 seconds faster than an unaccelerated hdd .
and kingston has imho a much higher reputation on circuitry reliance and better qa in general then the rest of the pack , except intel .
kingston drives are priced slightly higher than intel ' s for unknown reasons , but it should be safe to assume that it is since they have to relabel , package and market the drives after purchasing the drives from intel .
corporate grade drives from intel have a lot higher total writes and i think ocz vertex 4 drives are still the kings with over 9000 estimated writes ( kingston hyper x 3k ' s for example are around 3ooo ) and it has really intelligent firmware .
indeed , the kingston ssdnow v series 40gb ssd actually does use the newer second generation intel controller .
in the atto 512k 8mb test the kingston 2nd generation drive got us about 56mb / s more than it ' s older brother the intel x25 - m which is a pretty good generational performance increase .
ok i installed server2012 onto my older kingston ssd which is 64gb and i really notice the difference speed compared to when i installed win7 on the same drive and since the difference is huge i have decided to switch out the 64gb for my rmaed intel 510 120gb ssd but i really don ' t want to go through the hassle of reinstalling every single thing and then turning it into a workstation i am just not sure what i need to do this and not lose anything .
i can easily believe microsoft is growing faster than amazon as an iaas provider percentage - wise , because it has a smaller base that ' s easier to grow in percentages than amazon ' s .
microsoft probably had an easier time choosing paypal for its payment service than some of the alternatives : amazon flexible payment services and google checkout both come from companies in direct competition with microsoft ' s azure cloud - computing service .
the usual end - game is to dominate a market or distribution channel to the point that doing business with you is either unavoidable ( de facto monopoly like microsoft with desktop windows and office ) or just a lot easier than the alternatives ( amazon ).
while amazon is making it easier to run windows in its cloud , microsoft has also quietly started to support linux on its azure cloud .
on the surface , amazon coins are easier to figure out than say microsoft points on the xbox 360 which cost $ 1 for every 80 points .
ironically , i was poking into cloud benchmarking hoping to learn that microsoft azure was faster than both amazon and google .
quarterly financial results released this week revealed a big surprise : microsoft ' s azure is growing at a faster clip than amazon web services , at least in terms of revenue .
and though microsoft azure had a slightly faster average ping time than amazon s3 ( likely because amazon s3 is much more heavily used than microsoft azure ), amazon nevertheless had the lowest variability .
the open source libraries and the scalability of the open platform plus the economics of amazon web services are way better than microsoft .
i bought my subsription on amazon because it was a better deal than the standard $ 60 microsoft or eb charge .
altho ebay , amazon , and yahoo have better opportunities than microsoft , since they currently control the point of sale transaction . consider that ppc - based advertising beat the pants off cpm - based advertising by providing better roi and more performance - based value for the advertiser ' s dollar .
amazon , with the data it has on its buyers and the amount of buyers it has , will appear to a lot of advertisers as a better bet than microsoft and facebook .
amazon could build a social network that incorporates and integrates both the virtual and physical worlds better than anything out there right now that apple / itunes or facebook / twitter or google / microsoft could ever hope to accomplish .
i find it bizarre that microsoft charge more for digital distribution than amazon charge to post a dvd .
objective people might view amazon as having a superior product , but that doesn ' t give them an advantage because they don ' t have the relationships that microsoft has .
" microsoft is known for its relationships with developers , certainly more so than amazon . "
" amazon is clearly the dominant player and has the dominant market share , but in some markets - especially the large enterprise market - microsoft is trying to leverage its strong relationships with it and its extensive cloud offerings .
amazon retains its dominant position , with greater market share than its four nearest rivals combined , but microsoft has now established itself as the clear number two in the market .
while amazon is arguably the biggest cloud player in the industry , vmware partners say vcloud hybrid will have a greater effect on microsoft , which also is making a move on the virtualization - cloud synergy front with its hyper - v and windows azure software .
synergy said that amazon continues to hold onto its first place position , with a market share greater than its four nearest competitors , but microsoft has become the second largest player .
it should come as no surprise that microsoft will embrace this new direction and push towards a greater market share against the likes of amazon and google .
amazon has used its front page to claim that its kindle fire is cheaper , better , and high - deffer than the mini , while microsoft called it a $ 329 recreational tablet .
amazon is said to be pricing the console at $ 300 , cheaper than what microsoft and sony offers .
note that this makes microsoft a hair cheaper ( by $ 0 . 005 / hour ) than amazon for windows instances for the time being .
just five days ago , microsoft announced general availability of its windows azure infrastructure cloud - a cheaper cloud than amazon and rackspace .
microsoft proved to have faster write and read speeds across file sizes up to 1mb , while amazon topped the write speeds for files larger than 1mb .
wells fargo ' s gray powell comes to the defense of rackspace shares , reiterating an outperform rating , noting that microsoft basically said that enterprises doing larger deployments would receive discounts that are better than amazon for commodity services like compute , storage and bandwidth .
microsoft was a larger threat than amazon ever can be .
amazon is now on track to become larger than microsoft sometime in 2013 .
the price reduction signals that amazon has a larger price pressure from linux cloud providers rather than from microsoft .
you have a billion - dollar company that might be getting a billion dollars from microsoft ( msft ) for a product that ' s been crushing the company , even as it is regarded as technologically superior to amazon ( amzn ) .
amazon ( amzn ) has been up more than 8 %, microsoft ( msft ) more than 6 %.
every time you search your own database you are creating a small file that will be sent to amazon who employ workers as slave labour , ubuntu is now worse than microsoft in effect because at least microsoft tell you when they want to use your personal information .
historically , he said , amazon is known to pay a " slightly lower base salary " than such companies as google and microsoft .
this means that your base pay of $ 115 , 000 at amazon is already higher than what you should be offered at microsoft .
amazon aws grows strongly but from a small base and no - one seems to care about google app engine , or even less , microsoft azure .
as apple releases faster intel processors and better systems , i ' m sure sooner than later gaming on the mac platform is going to be not much different than on pc .
and apple is the winner because apple has a closed system that ' s viewed as being superior to a microsoft / intel system which is what every pc is .
importantly , apple can now boast that its systems are significantly faster than competing intel pentium mmx systems .
at this stage , even though the apple ii was far superior to intel pc ' s , people didn ' t want to ditch all of their current hardware and software for a new system with a superior architecture , but very little software .
i am new to apple but i found this new system based on the duel g5 to be faster than the intel and amd .
the decision : apple sees greater risk in staying with ibm ' s chips than in aligning itself with intel .
apple don ' t have a choice in terms of performance , the ppc 970 already has greater performance than the intel and amd chips .
as noted previously , the 9400m offers 16 parallel processing cores and , according to apple , boast 3d performance five times greater than the line ' s previous ( intel ) integrated graphics .
i think this would be a last resort move for apple if motorola fails to deliver any decent next generation cpu ' s that deliver performance greater then amd or intel .
yes , i have long known that apple memory and cpu access technology is faster and cleaner than the equivalent microsoft os no matter what the hardware , as evidenced by apple lately using intel and unix os .
apple , microsoft and ibm are all better diversified than intel , a problem he must address pronto .
wu notes that since apple has marketed its computers during the past few years as being technologically superior to those that run on the so - called wintel platform -- microsoft ' s windows operating system and intel processors .
at the end of the day , neither intel nor microsoft can compell these companies ( via specifications or logo requirements ) to build better products than apple .
each new apple was faster / better , then they shifted from the powerpc to the intel .
that what i ' ve written above is so bleedingly obvious to me and yet so vehemently derived by many an apple fan ( usually more so by the olden school os 9 is better than osx and power pc was always faster than intel crowd of fact deniers ).
the same way apple told everyone that power pc chips were faster and superior , when they were developing an intel os all along !
2009 - i have had so many arguments with people stating that apple deliberately geared mac os x 10 . 5 leopard to perform much better on intel machines so as to pull people away from the powerpc platform .
with a pc , it is alot quicker , though now i think apple has a better chance to double their ghz in 2 years than intel .
apple has been advertising its g4 processors as faster than intel pentium 4 chips -- and that megahertz don ' t matter -- often citing higher performance on certain photoshop filters .
both apple and windows boast that their cpu ' s are faster then each others ones , but the intel / x86 ones are more believable since the numbers are way higher .
so in terms of speed the apple computers , as on stage tests at macworld showed , can be faster at lower mhz than the intel based machines with higher mhz .
dilbert fans ... ( 7 : 30pm est thu feb 19 2004 ) if you want your apple to work faster than the equivelent ( i . e . higher clocked ) intel then write code that uses the damn processor !
intel has higher margins than apple .
maybe sooner than later apple can make their arm cpu run objective - c code faster than intel cpu using fraction of battery power !
apple may be switching to arm chips sooner than we thought , leaving behind intel
it converts pc users , clobbers longhorn , promotes the mac on intel idea sooner , and opens up a new platform to developers not currently signed up as apple developers .
plus we ' ve heard for years and years from apple and others that the risc - based powerpc approach is inherently superior to intel ' s post - cisc architecture , and so on .
in much the same way that apple ended its 15 - year relationship with ibm ' s powerpc architecture after experiencing the superior performance of intel ' s laptop and desktop x86 cpus in 2005 , we wouldn ' t be surprised if apple switches from arm to atom in due course .
apple found out in 2005 when its ibm - made power pc processors were late getting out the door , because even though the ibm processor was a superior architecture , at the time the money was behind intel , which could bring its product quicker to market .
if microsoft does not have some form of an operating system to operate arms cpu controlled tablets then folks apple ipads and android tablets will dominate the mobile tablet world because arms cpu tablet cost less to make and have better battery life than intel / amd x86 cpu architecture systems .
when jobs left next to head up apple , he went on a mission to streamline his products to make them simpler to use than those of complexity - loving rival brands such as intel and dell .
arm for apple might be an exception because apple can afford and may well be willing to pay a premium price to get a slightly better product from intel than it could from others .
i wonder if this update is less about the improvement that apple could bring to the machine with faster processors and more about intel reducing the production output of the last - gen levels to less than apple ' s output of macbook airs .
i had to listen for years how apple products were better than any pc in the world , and then they switched to intel processors and low and behold .
remember that steve jobs told everyone , in no uncertain terms , that apple pcs running the ibm powermac cpu were faster than intel - based pcs .
pc transporter lets an apple ii run ms - dos programs three times faster than an ibm pc / xt with an intel 8088 - compatible nec v20 .
if apple is indeed ready for a change in its high performance chip vendor , ibm should prove to be a better option than intel .
apple has always maintained the mac processors , starting with the motorola 68000s in the original , were technically superior to and much faster than their intel contemporaries .
intel chips are cheaper and faster than what apple was getting from ibm .
there are plenty of cheaper intel chips that would fit into macs and would fit even better than the i5 / i7 chips apple uses .
others say their intel hardware will be superior and people will buy more of it , since it will be cheaper and efficient , so apple will be successful .
intel is making chips at volume much cheaper then apple designing and making their own .
i hear recently that apple may be using cheaper amd chips instead of intel .
however , apple is bigger than intel - $ 108 billion !
it adds intel ( bigger it company than apple by revenues ).
apple as a company is already bigger than microsoft and intel combined .
imagine a company bigger than microsoft , more profitable than apple , more innovative than intel and google combined .
thus ( 9 : 07am est fri sep 05 2003 ) showing that intel knockoffs are still a bigger market than apple .
the intel - based imac will be two to three times faster than earlier g5 ' s , according to apple , while the macbook pro notebook will be more than four times faster than apple ' s fastest notebook before it , the powerbook g4 .
announced earlier this week , apple is switching from ibm powerpc chips to intel chips .
in computers , microsoft and intel grew much faster than apple because they used an open system concept where other companies could design improvements into the intel / microsoft platform .
but this doesnt mean that they suck , because intel and amd have exeptionally faster speeds than apple processors do , but they balance out because of the performance from apple ' s computers .
if mr jobs has decided to buy chips from intel , he will gain access to lower - cost parts that run faster than the chips from freescale semiconductor and ibm that apple has used to power its computers for 21 years .
apple has a history of using some of the best performing chips in their computers and i don ' t see them switching to amd , which has very slow notebook performance and this generation has worse tdps clock - for - clock than intel .
apple sure can ' t make it any easier than using normal intel chipsets .
but the installs and configuration of linux on apple hardware has been easier than doing the same on intel hardware .
intel processors also power most machines running microsoft windows , the dominant pc operating system , and using intel chips makes it easier for apple users to also run windows programs .
it became easier for macs to run the windows os once apple converted its computer line over to using chips from intel in 2006 .
apple didn ' t claimed running linux on powerpc was faster than linux on intel .
the general observation is that intel is unlikely to use those patents against linux or free software in general , so it ' s better off in intel ' s hands than in the hands of some patent trolls or linux foes like apple and microsoft .
on the other hand , linux is free , and intel hardware is much cheaper than apple hardware .
apple wouldn ' t just have to design processors that were better than intel ones , but it would also have to get them in the right quantities at the right price .
amd had arguably better parts ; apple didn ' t choose them because they weren ' t confident in amds ability to maintain their performance edge over intel , or deliver sufficient quantities to meet apple ' s schedules .
reports from various sources indicate that apple will make severely limited quantities of the new model available at select us apple stores , but that supplies will be very constrained for a prolonged period due to issues with the precision engineering that has gone into the ninth - generation intel - based models .
with that in mind , it becomes clear that the apple iphone 5 won ' t be 4g as that single chip solution isn ' t going to appear from a company like qualcomm or intel until very late this year or possibly even early next year in large enough quantities .
( ) intel has larger customers than apple .
also , apple has a larger market cap than intel or microsoft .
note that by 2015 apple processors units will be larger than intel processor volume .
this is clearly the biggest barrier for intel - but since intel is used to betting billions on chip design , it has allocated a budget significantly larger than apple or google ' s .
while apple is now larger than microsoft , google , cisco and intel , it still enjoys the growth rate of small cap tech stocks .
ultimately , amazon was simply easier , faster , and less expensive than itunes .
amazon is another good choice , and i actually prefer their interface better than itunes ' ( it loads faster for me ).
i ' d even argue that purchase process with amazon mp3 is faster and more streamlined than with itunes .
amazon music will be cheaper , faster and perceived to be more honest than itunes both by customers and musicians .
the remaining big three labels are busy watching amazon sales like a hawk , and will eventually fold to sales pressure if it doesn ' t grow at a faster rate than itunes sales and doesn ' t amount to anywhere near the volume to make for an effective bargaining chip .
granted , itunes is vastly inferior to the amazon store , as pointed out above already .
another reason why the amazon mp3 store is far superior to itunes , for music .
in a lot of ways the amazon store is superior to the itunes store as it stands today .
i go to the amazon mp3 store ( better than itunes .
another point is that , for me , the itunes store is much slower than the amazon store .
the amazon vod picture quality was superior on my system with better color , contrast and deeper blacks , the itunes version appeared somewhat washed out in comparison .
the range of what ' s available via amazon video on demand is vastly greater than what apple has in the itunes store .
amazon has finally created a well made , responsive tablet with a media ecosystem 10x better than apples bloated itunes .
amazon is better than itunes , most of their stuff is $ 0 . 99 , while apple charges more for most things at $ 1 . 29 .
for the money that apple charges here in germany for movie rentals , you can usually buy the dvd from amazon and own the movie - including subtitles and the original audio track and everything at a superior quality than those inferior drmed itunes rips .
but if you ' re trying to sell them , then it ' s pretty convenient , as amazon handles the drm for you , and it ' s easier to get into amazon than into the apple itunes store .
don ' t know how long but amazon is way better than itunes because they have first day sales .
: knife : it ' s not something that ' s cool like an ipod , and amazon is already set up better on the content distribution side than apple ever was ( and i still resist polluting my pc with itunes to this day ).
from observation , i think that for idol alums , amazon is generally a reasonable indicator of how the sales are going , much better than itunes .
their first phone has a solid competitor to itunes shipping with the unit , and you can ' t ask for a better partner than amazon when it comes to online sales .
also , amazon sales are so much smaller than itunes .
i just found amazon easier to interface here than itunes .)
and for the record , itunes isn ' t any better than amazon quality wise .
amazon has better deals , and their mp3 downloads are usually cheaper and the sound quality is also better than itunes .
napster faces tough competition as amazon is already offering better - than - itunes quality for less - than - itunes prices without the proprietary drm ( digital rights management ) software .
i am surprised because amazon mp3 ' s are usually vastly better in quality than those available on itunes .
partly because i like apple ' s choice of file format - aac is much more modern than mp3 , and theoretically an aac file at 256kbps ( from itunes plus ) sounds better than an mp3 file at 256kbps ( from amazon ).
oh that ' s embarassing , sorry i just realised everything i said was for amazon purchases ... yeah so ignore all that ... the file we blind - tested was from amazon , not itunes .
i could be wrong but afaik , artwork downloaded from itunes isnt " attached " to the file but artwork you get from say amazon is .
itunes aac ( 256 ) is better than amazon mp3 ( 256 ) .
you have itunes with the aac format , and then mp3 for pretty much everyone else ( amazon , etc .).
digital distribution is largely files ( mp3 and aac ) sold via itunes and to a lesser extent amazon and a few others .
i find itunes to be much easier to work with than amazon .
i was forced to admit that the itunes store was a touch easier to navigate than my old friend amazon .
if so , this will continue to make acquiring music through itunes much easier than with amazon or other online retailers .
sorry , but itunes is just an infinitely easier to use store than the amazon web site , and have you seen the wireles .
last year , i did some itunes store gifting and it was even easier than buying stuff on amazon : i didn ' t have to wrap a ..
i disagree with the above commenter - i find the itunes interface much better for random browsing and searching than the amazon interface .
itunes match is also better at eliminating duplicates than both google music and amazon cloud player , it ' s overall a much cleaner experience .
for example , itunes movies are cleaner and crisper than those streamed on the roku 3 ' s amazon instant video .
the integrated whole , or ipod , iphone , apple tv , mac , and itunes is so much better than any piece - part solution offered by some random combination of microsoft , amazon , and the record company of your choice , that it ' s laughable .
( and the amazon mp3 store terms of service are even worse for consumers than itunes -- those terms specifically purport to strip you of ownership and forbid any redistribution . )
playing around on facebook is much easier and nicer than slogging into google + and while youtube might be easy to consume , becoming a youtuber still isn ' t as easy as it could be .
apart from that , the ipod has netnewswire ; great apps for things like amazon , lj , boardgamegeek , and facebook ; fun toys like urbanspoon and google earth ; a maps app that would be a whole lot nicer if it hadn ' t been nerfed compared to the iphone version ; youtube support ; and last but definitely not least , the amazingly cool remote .
youtube , same thing - harder to game than facebook or twitter - they know who is legit on youtube .
in addition , facebook commands a greater share of digital budgets than twitter and youtube .
open a store online and start promoting it in social media ( facebook is better than twitter to push fans around , and youtube is better than facebook for acquiring new fans ).
a well - used facebook fan page can be a better tool than a disparate and seldom - updated blog , youtube channel , podcast and twitter account .
what ' s more , facebook and instagram together command a greater share of u . s . mobile time spent than nine of its largest competitors combined , including youtube , linkedin , twitter , and snapchat .
video has its own category in facebook , which even offers greater submission file size and time spans than youtube .
teen use of facebook is far greater than any other service except youtube , and 28 % of teens use it exclusively .
comprehend the factor facebook ' s video views are greater than those of youtube is partly attributable to that facebook steps views when the video starts playing .
as we already mentioned , facebook could be privileging its videos in news feeds , plus facebook videos are easier to consume on mobile than youtube links .
studies show that a facebook native video gets higher views , more engagement and is overall , better for a brand than even a youtube link .
also i don ' t have facebook , but it may be easier to watch youtube videos than vines on fb , i don ' t know .
also , facebook encodes h264 with a higher complexity than youtube and facebook hd bitrate is slightly higher than youtube at 2500kbit / s versus youtube hd being at 2000kbit / s .
facebook videos have a 10x higher viral reach than youtube links .
facebook videos achieved a 40 % higher engagement rate than youtube links .
facebook ( 78 %) is more used via smartphone than youtube ( 62 %) - on computer youtube with higher usage rate .
since facebook and twitter are generally used for quick posts and updates , their posts go bad much quicker than posts on sites like pinterest and youtube , which cater more to users who just want to browse .
instagram , linkedin , twitter , youtube and even google + all grew faster than facebook .
undoubtedly youtube is one of the greatest success stories of the internet era , adding users and usage faster than any site ever launched on the web , including myspace , facebook , twitter , and google .
we see whatsapp , instagram and youtube playing a pivotal role in the growth of ecommerce brands as the younger generation is adapting to these platforms even faster than they adapted facebook .
alison ' s youtube channel has been growing faster than you can google the word awesome , with over 22 million views , and you should for sure friend her on facebook , twitter , instagram and pinterest .
for instance , scott imbrie , owner of original skateboards , a brand that has been built largely on its youtube presence , says the platform is better for marketers than even facebook .
but to be honest , uploading to youtube whether via desktop or mobile is a far easier experience than on facebook .
uploading videos to youtube first then embedding your channel is a lot easier than uploading a video directly to facebook .
also , from personal experience , youtube videos when implemented correctly for low volume keywords and terms - 350k or less competing for the keyword - seems to be easier to get videos ranking than on facebook , though it ' s rare people compete in low volume keywords .
this time around , as it concerned the ever popular youtube than the ever popular and the much - easier - to - convince - and - not - easier - to - give - up facebook , the pta was hoping to mold google in succumbing to the local traditions and to sacrifice their vicious ideals of american freedom to operate in pakistan in peace .
or , youtube is way more engaging and way easier to mobilize towards different causes and different projects and events than an audience might be on a blog or on a radio or on twitter or facebook or any place like that .
in my experience , the integration of youtube is friendlier on smart phones than facebook .
youtube is much better than facebook simply because you do not have to register to see certain aspects of the site .
according to them , youtube and google + are much better for generating on - site engagement than facebook .
shareaholic also recently released some interesting findings indicating that google + and youtube are much better for generating on - site engagement than facebook .
depending on your niche , a blogger ' s following on sites like youtube and pinterest may be better indicators of their blog ' s influence than twitter or facebook .
subscribing on youtube feels like a much lighter commitment than the analogous actions on facebook and twitter .
since i am from i can tell you how a lot of friends are shifting from orkut to facebook .. orkut used to lighter , simpler and good for indian internet speed but now we get around 512kb / sec unlimited for inr 1000 ($ 23 ) per month , speed is good enough to watch youtube videos as if it is live tv .
bit . ly : youtube drives traffic longer than facebook & twitter .
facebook captures more peoples ' attention and for longer than google +, twitter , pinterest and youtube .
post native facebook videos rather than just embedding youtube videos in your facebook page , as native videos will last longer in the newsfeeds .
experts are predicting that google will certainly take to the field and become a leader in the production of the new category of glass ware simply because their patent has revealed that their master plan is far more superior than sony ' s master plan .
but if you still got problem with google account , then you have to do the master reset sony xperia s to factory default .
if by any situations we can not access the google account , then we need to do master format or hard reset sony xperia j ( st26i / st26a ).
apparently google has more money thus more resources and a better long range plan and at the 2010 ces sony also signed on with google .
camera lens : the google nexus 5 features better lens than sony xperia z1 , hence you get bright lens with google nexus 5 , you get cleaner images at low - light condition , better color and contrast reproduction .
the google books implementation will still be superior , because it will offer both the ascii text and the backup page images , which are presumably not in the sony versions .
sensor size : the sensor size of sony xperia z1 is better , hence you get broad dynamic range with low noise and more details in your images compared to google nexus 5 .
you can download a theme creator from the sony ericsson web site for free then use photoshop or whatever to create all the images , i can ' t find the link but a search around the offical sony ericsson web site or google will find it im sure .
sony even put the immersive transparency effect on 4 . 2 jellybean , 2 versions behind 4 . 4 from google .
the report follows other claims that apple , google , and samsung are working on their own versions , in order to catch up with the kickstarter - funded pebble and the sony smartwatch .
google has zero trouble reading the resultant text ( seriously , comes up when i searched for " sony captcha ").
modding the text color inside google applications is not a good solution for sony dev as an update would have change the color again .
sony corp . has sold its smartwatch for more than a year , which wirelessly connects to smartphones using google inc .' s android operating system so people can take calls and reply to email or text messages .
android phone back ups also rely on the manufacturer , sony have pc companion which allows me to do a full backup of my phone as well as updates and adding such as music , videos and the like , i know samsung also offer a very similar service through kies .. and like chronopc states , google also offer backups through calender and gmail , so while this is not all intergrated into one app , you cant claim that android has no methods of backing up ...
while google has just received its patent , and apple had the patent since 2006 , they ' re still way behind sony .
a freshly - uncovered patent suggests that sony may be planning on launching their very own wearable computer to rival google glass glasses .
amazon promised that fire tv would be faster and easier to use than apple tv , google ' s chromecast or roku ' s streaming video device .
apple bear argument 2 : quality matters but ios devices have already lost their edge , and are no longer superior to competing devices from samsung , google , or amazon .
he noted that the latest apple products were no longer clearly superior to devices from other technology companies , including amazon ( nasdaq : amzn ) and google ( nasdaq : goog ).
for another , while the current apple tv is noticeably slower than the amazon fire tv , that shouldn ' t be the case for much longer .
amazon has a simpler and quicker process for publishing an ebook than apple , but ars incorrectly predicted the publication lag time , meaning ars is missing out on the critical first wave of nerdy excitement .
available plentifully on amazon , and ships quicker than apple , and no tax for most .
amazon also claims that their fire hd has significantly quicker wi - fi than the apple ipad 3 .
i bought the bumper from amazon and paid $ 25 . 00 over the retail price to get it much quicker than through apple stores ( 3 of them in south jersey market ) who did not have them in stock and wasn ' t sure when they would come in .
now the $ 99 amazon fire tv offers higher - end features , comparable and even superior to the apple product .
in fact , amazon is continually investing in new , disruptive products , which is why many argue that it has a better future than apple even though the cupertino company has much higher profit margins .
amazon will come up with a better tablet , but the quality will most likely never match ipad , since apple can afford to deliver superior quality by setting price points at much higher levels .
nobody complained when amazon was taking a higher percentage than apple .
for example , amazon offers a higher song limit than apple on itunes match .
in the interest of getting deals in place , amazon is also reportedly willing to consider cutting these providers a better deal than they get for providing content on apple ' s ipad .
amazon : the runner up and only because of its smaller app selection , in fact , you can usually get better deals on music and video from amazon than you can get from apple .
even though i ' m a mac / itunes user , currently amazon gets the bulk of my digital music money , because they offer better deals than apple and have made the download to itunes process pretty painless .
the wall street journal reported on monday that amazon has begun negotiations with magazine publishers on subscription deals for its tablet - in - the - making and the company is apparently ready to cut them a better deal than apple .
besides , amazon has better deals on music then apple itunes anyway .
for example , on a slower internet connection , my year old amazon fire tv still loads much faster than my brand - new apple tv .
amazon claims it is 3x faster than apple tv .
amazon could also invest in features faster than apple can imitate .
in a previous kindle commercial , amazon made the point that the kindle was easier to read in direct sunlight , is smaller , lighter and less expensive than apple ' s ipad too .
a deliberately cheeky attack on the ipad air , amazon is actually right about the kindle fire hdx being lighter than the apple alternative .
other e - readers , such as the amazon kindle 2 or the cool - er e - reader , are much lighter in hand than the apple ipad , and therefore make for a much more comfortable user experience .
that makes the novel smaller and lighter than the 24 - ounce apple ipad , but heavier than the e - ink based amazon kindle ($ 189 , ) and barnes and nobles nook ($ 199 , ).
even if the amazon was better physically let ' s say 20 hours of battery life a better looking display and thinner than ipad 2 . it would be impossible to catch with the amount of apps apple has .
according to a report in the electronics publication digitimes , google ( nasdaq : goog ) plans to compete with the rumored apple ( nasdaq : aapl ) ipad mini in the form of a cheaper , thinner version of the nexus 7 . the original google device has gained market share over both apple and amazon ( nasdaq : amzn ) since its release in mid - july .
actually amazon is a lot easier to deal with than apple .
apple ' s iphone business is bigger , and importantly , growing faster than microsoft , amazon , and google , the three giants apple is competing against in mobile .
apple is better suited to this strategy than amazon since apple is many times more profitable and have a bigger cash hoard .
apple bigger than microsoft , google , amazon , facebook
this issue can bite amazon harder than apple , i might add , which can direct users to its one - on - one education program and other group sessions at its stores .
amazon tweaks kindle store royalty program ahead of apple tablet launch - mac rumors .
apple is better because amazon exists and does hardware , just as amazon is better because apple exists and does things other than hardware .
this free app is available for apple , android , and blackberry devices and is much easier to navigate than the amazon mobile site .
i agree that apple displays greater financial transparency than either google or amazon , but that ' s a choice , and not a reflection of product philosophy .
apple are reportedly working on a new ipad mini , one that would feature a retina display , and a cheaper version that would better compete against the cheaper nexus 7 and amazon kindle fire hd .
amazon kindle fire hd 8 . 9 screen compared to the apple ipad ' s display in new tv ad .
i think the lcd display in the apple ipad would still have certain limitations as compared to the epaper technology display in the amazon kindle .
amazon spent 2 years telling their customers that 200 dpi eink is better than a 120 dpi lcd display , then amazon shipped a 120 dpi lcd display , and then apple shipped a 275 dpi lcd on ipad 3 .
but in terms of page count , apple , google and others do better than amazon in the book .
apple was selling the publishers a pipe dream that they would be able to better keep prices high better than forcing apple and amazon go at it being a middle man for pricing and terms .
publishers jumping in bed apple because they might offer better terms than amazon is simply going from the frying pan to the fryer .
however , there really doesn ' t have to be collusion when one retailer ( say , apple ) offers their supplier far better terms than a competitor retailer ( say , amazon ).
when amazon brings out its android tablet i suspect that these same magazine publishers may find that the amazon terms of trade for digital magazines are just as unyielding , and perhaps in some ways worse than those that apple have set before them .
yes , apple offers an affiliate program that supports direct links , but again , they don ' t offer an amazon - style api to search their catalog .
i ' m not an apple ' fan - boy ' and don ' t much like steve job ' s personality , but i like the steve jobs way : ileadership for a new generation ( amazon affiliate link ).
apple refurbs are almost better than new , and i always opt for them unless i can get it cheaper by ordering new through amazon .
the unofficial apple weblog praised the lack of drm especially given that track prices were cheaper than itunes plus songs at launch , but the reviewer considered the user experience better in itunes than on the amazon web site .
then apple itunes will still be a better service than is amazon , it won ' t change amazon ' s position overall , apple could afford to sell this music for 10 cents / track no problem , and the end result will simply be that music is even cheaper .
amazon mp3 store is much cheaper than apple itunes .
apple ' s profit was 30 times greater than amazon .
however , amazon is not allowed to have a sale on any of their ebooks , because the price is fixed equal to or greater than apple .
and apple ' s app library offers a far greater number of polished titles than anything you ' ll find in the android market or amazon appstore .
as for selling at a loss to run another company out of business , that ' s hardly relevant here , since apple has far greater financial resources than amazon .
all apple has to do is make it easier for ipad owners to shop at the istore than at amazon , and kindle ipad sales are far from guaranteed .
the problem with your argument is that apple dominates the tablet market and apple is darn well going to make it far easier to buy the latest song or e - book from itunes than through amazon .
apple too realised that it would be easier to have the labels onside for a new streaming service rather than trying to circumvent them like google and amazon have done .
this is a function i use regularly on my laptop computer and i suspect apple ' s in - app store advantage is short - lived : it ' s easier for amazon to implement an in - app bookstore than it is for apple to develop a full - featured online bookstore .
it looks like microsoft is reacting quicker to its missteps than sony did in the last generation .
they say that microsoft is better because this would never happen to them but really this just proves that sony is better because they actually came out of this situation quicker than i expected .
could mean microsoft is keeping the units coming quicker than sony or the units are sitting on the shelves longer .
i ' m kind of surprised microsoft had a quicker turnover than sony about this considering both companies ' recent history of indie treatment .
i would expect microsoft to abandon the 360 significantly quicker than sony will the ps3 though - they abandoned xbox pretty sharpish so i can ' t see them changing tack too dramatically here .
the fact is microsoft has a much better ( easier to use ) sdk for games than sony does .
microsoft : our first party games are superior to sony and nintendo ' s .
sony is working harder for gamers than microsoft and nintendo .
hahaha microsoft is playing the game better than sony .
sony is not a windows maker but sony can make games better than microsoft .
the 360 is most likely going to be cheaper than the ps3 , microsoft is no worse than sony ( i actually consider sony worse ... at least microsoft and nintendo treat us retailers very nicely ), and everyone needs to stop bitching about the price .
second , sony not following suit with their console , offering a more attractive , gaming - centric , technically superior console at a cheaper price , must have been a big blow to microsoft .
with its own stores like apple ' s , microsoft would have greater ability to push its products exclusively , rather than seeing its xbox 360 sit next to the newer sony playstation 3 or the cheaper nintendo wii , for example .
while microsoft has pinned its hopes on superior multi - media options and its motion - sensing kinect , sony has delivered a cheaper , slicker product with more fire - power under the hood .
i prefer the stance sony has on indie games over microsoft , plus it ' s $ 100 cheaper .
microsoft made it far easier to port between xbox 360 and windows than sony did with any platform except the vita .
the other thing the xbox really has going for it is that microsoft is making it easier on game developers than sony .
i gotta say microsoft is making it a lot easier than sony on seeing everything they had to offer in the press conferences today .
but from the point of view of the developer ecosystem , microsoft has a much easier time than sony encouraging developers to make xbox games , since windows game programming is so similar .
microsoft claims their scaler on the one is better than that on the 360 , and as someone who runs a 360 into a sony bravia at 720p because the ( much newer ) tv does a better job scaling to 1080p , i believe this .
then sony late last year launched the playstation 3 , promising newer , more advanced technology than the aging microsoft machine .
no " pay for play ", that ' s a microsoft money grabbing tactic because they are newer to the ganing business than sony and are greedy capitalist pigs !
but microsoft made these updates go much faster , smoother , and less frequent than sony ever did with the playstation 3 .
much quieter and runs smoother and cooler , but microsoft certainly seem to be behind sony in some of the programs available on their systems ( looking at you sunday ticket ) .
now it looks like sony is closing the gap and moving ahead of microsoft in three key areas , online experiences , smoother and quicker start - up times , and having a system that is tailored for game development with no headaches .
sony is a much worse offender than microsoft , yet you never mention it .
sony was once an egregious offender in terms of shovelware , but it ' s kept to a minimum here with trial offers installed for microsoft office , norton internet security , quickbooks simple start .
and lets not forget all of the dirty strategies microsoft ' s deviously employ to get an upper hand over sony such as having an obligatory subscription requirement to do almost anything online , and not to forget all the timed exclusive that microsoft had to whored itself to get , and the blatantly planned obsolescent rlods who which the 360 is unquestionable the biggest offender of .
sony will have a harder time than microsoft , probably because of the japan - china relations .
microsoft does not have better third party relations with any publisher over sony .
industrygamers chatted with sony computer entertainment america ' s svp of publisher relations rob dyer , who was more than happy to highlight what he feels are very damaging policies for microsoft .
sony computer entertainment america ' s senior vp of publisher relations , rob dyer , has now addressed the report , going so far as to tell industrygamers " publishers are getting the living crap kicked out of them by microsoft ."
since the beginning of the generation sony has had much better relations with indie developers than microsoft and they ' ll certainly continue to leverage that now , especially when they have gaps in the schedule to fill .
watching it on amazon is so much better than on tv or even hulu because there are no commercials , the cost is nominal , and the quality is excellent .
the cost of amazon prime instant video is a bit different than netflix or hulu , priced at $ 99 per year , which is essentially $ 8 . 25 per month .
and hulu itself is less attractive than services like netflix , youtube and amazon instant video because it includes commercials , even on the pay version , hulu plus .
amazon prime works similarly to netflix but with less selection , while hulu plus also shows you commercials even while you ' re paying a monthly fee .
hulu was a good alternative for a while , but now they have almost as many commercials as broadcast television , so now i only watch shows on amazon .
the hulu movie selection isn ' t nearly as robust as amazon prime or netflix , but if you can handle the commercials , you can watch these flicks for zero dollars : .
netflix ' s subscription streaming service , for examples , lacks most of the new movie releases that can be found for sale on itunes and amazon , though netflix has greater depth of older titles than a site like hulu .
user friendly : vudu is not as clean looking as its older alternatives , netflix and hulu plus , but it is more streamlined than amazon prime .
other than that , amazon and itunes or something like that has the older episodes ... i really wish they ' d find a way to put older episodes on hulu like sw does with the electric company .
netflix ( and , to a lesser extent , hulu ) has a great backlog of older movies - but don ' t expect to find new releases without ponying up to buy them on amazon or itunes .
you ' ll be able to get the older seasons of some television programs on netflix or amazon prime instant video , but your best bet for tv without cable is probably hulu plus .
hulu plus shows load much faster than amazon prime , but hulu plus is more likely to buffer content , but hulu plus seems to offer more hd content than amazon prime .
hulu makes current - season shows available faster than amazon and netflix has far more content than the online retailer .
also , switching between amazon instant videos is faster than moving between apps like hulu plus or netflix - those take a few seconds to load up .
amazon boasted wednesday at a press conference unveiling the device that it was " thinner than a dime ," had faster processing to alleviate buffering issues , enabled voice search and access to tons of content from netflix ( nflx ) , hulu plus , watchespn , and youtube , plus over 200 , 000 movies and tv episodes from amazon instant video .
i liked the image quality and selection of hulu more so than netflix and much more so than amazon video .
amazon fire tv is an external media player which allows you to watch hd quality movies in netflix , amazon video , hulu and allows you to use app on your tv .
there are numerous ways to watch tv and movies on your ipad - youtube , amazon instant video , netflix - but if you want professional quality tv , there ' s no better option than hulu ( the hulu plus moniker has been retired ).
hulu plus seems to have a greater variety of available titles than amazon plus ( free titles ).
netflix and hulu offer greater video selection than amazon , though amazon is spending hundreds of millions of dollars buying more content from hollywood and tv studios .
while netflix offers a much greater depth of original content and hulu plus has a much broader library of recently released shows , the added benefit of amazon instant video is tough to beat when combined with other amazon prime features .
and google has upped the ante , adding a high - res touch screen -- with a pixel density greater than that of apple ' s vaunted retina screens -- and a real intel core i5 processor .
the arm powered google tv boxes will obviously be much cheaper , smaller and better than the ones using intel .
google repeated the mistake they did with google tv , when instead of going with much cheaper arm chips , they chose the more expensive intel ones .
google has a huge electricity bill , so in the long run i think going arm is cheaper than receiving bags of money from intel .
the winner of intel competition this year , a young bulgarian student , developed an algorithm for self - driven vehicles that will be much cheaper ( a factor of 100 ) than google algorithm .
in other words , then , it sounds as though intel is planning to launch a service that ' s even more invasive than google without even giving users the benefit of cheaper service .
now that the coreboot team at google made the sandy bridge port for their chromebooks [ 3 ], it easier than ever to make a port for other intel boards with that chipset .
according to intel ( but this site broke it down easier to read , and was faster to google ) writing 100gb of data to the 80gb model of the x25 - m drive , it will have a life of 5 years .
it ' s easier to ask google to execute any regulatory whim , well founded or not , rather than asking the fragmented sources of intel we find on the web to audit the validity of what they post .
the code is actually derived from the kms glint driver that was developed last year as part of the google summer of code as an easier way to understand linux kernel mode - setting by programming kms for an ancient , less - complex gpu compared to the modern radeon / intel / nouveau drivers .
basically , google can squeeze better performance out of a gallium3d driver than a classic mesa driver for the older intel integrated graphics they are using right now for their mobile chromium os notebook / netbook .
and here i was considering buying one of those older sony google tv ' s , because my chromecast isn ' t always up to the task , my laptop can ' t always stay plugged into my tv , and i haven ' t decided on getting an intel nuc yet .
the results were pretty much the same with two other web - based benchmarks , peacekeeper and google octane - but in these tests , the performance difference between the new chromebooks with haswell chips and models with older intel celeron chips or samsung exynos 5 dual core chips was even more dramatic .
because of this , intel apps will run 4x faster than other apps , productivity apps will run up to 3x faster and google apps like hangouts , docs and web browsing will also run better .
i ' m pretty sure cal will dig up good intel faster than you can say google .
google said both computers are about three times faster than their predecessors , with intel sandy bridge processors .
intel hopes this joint effort will help them bring intel powered android phones to market at a faster rate , which only makes sense since intel already has it ' s hands in google tv products and chrome os .
google will co - invest in a quantum supercomputer lab near its mountain view campus , exploring the potential for incredibly - fast processing tipped to run 11 , 000x faster at some tasks compared to a standard intel chip .
google seems headed higher than intel , with revenues of $ 41 billion in the first three quarters of 2013 and expectations of nearly $ 17 billion in the fourth quarter .
this application drives the majority of google revenue growth and helps create market capitalization that is higher than intel and just below that of chevron .
powered by a dualcore intel celeron 847 processor with intel hd graphics it ' s more than suitable to handle general web browsing , running apps like google drive and playing browser - based games .
because it ' s an intel chip rather than the more standard arm type , the san diego may not be compatible with absolutely everything on the google play store .
google has , arguably , better search engine technology than microsoft .
google pays their sphinxes well and because of that the sphinxes coded this new technology that is quite superior to microsoft ' s magic links technology .
google has the most cash , and better server technology than either sony or microsoft .
now , google chairman eric schmidt calls facebook one of the gang of four technology companies that are simultaneously growing faster than ever before : google , facebook , amazon and apple ( no microsoft ).
in other words , google , intel , nokia , ibm , hp , oracle , and other technology leaders seem to think that an operating system that you can customize for specific functions ( like vehicle infotainment ) are superior to microsoft based solutions .
sun has a lot of wealth that google doesn ' t have , to build products on , products far superior and better than a google or for that matter a microsoft .
google are just better than microsoft at getting interesting new products into the market .
more flexibility than google docs , easier to work with in some ways , interface similar to that of microsoft products .
now , both apple inc . and google are worth more because they have been growing far faster than microsoft as their products win more fans .
sabeer bhatia , billionaire co - founder of hotmail , thinks google is smarter , quicker and hungrier than microsoft , the company that in 1997 paid him and his partner jack smith $ us400 million for the email invention that today has 50 million users worldwide .
google doesn ' t have to build an exact copy of office to beat office because google is a greater company than microsoft .
the internet company said the terms proposed by microsoft and icahn were inferior to yahoo ' s existing search advertising agreement with google inc , and would have precluded a potential sale of all of yahoo for a full and fair price .
some on the board feel that google would be a better company to partner up with than microsoft .
especially for a company that was once the tech company , the google of their time , i cannot think of many things worse than having my brand used in this way ... well , at least it ' s not microsoft .
it ' s not secret that microsoft and yahoo ! lag far behind google in viewership , users , fans , sales , stock price , etc .
instead , google asks how to make its stuff better , friendlier , and easier to use than what microsoft and other rivals might come up with .
in 2007 , google seemed like the friendlier alternative to microsoft ( msft ) , the belligerent but waning software giant from the north .
this gives a very one sided view that google is friendlier then microsoft to former employees who aspire to venture outside .
i worry about the dominance of google , but gee , they are lot friendlier than microsoft with their ' you have made an illegal operation ' message .
google may have a friendlier face than microsoft , but it has the same unquenchable hunger to conquer virtually any market related to computing , and will stop at nothing to get there , in the same way that microsoft did .
specifically , google apps is cheaper , easier , and more convenient to use than microsoft office .
and google believes its enterprise pricing - $ 50 per user per year - is simpler and cheaper than microsoft ' s office 2010 volume licensing or software assurance programs .
google apps holds the promise of being far cheaper and easier to administer than microsoft windows , while being largely compatible with it .
as for office , he points to the rise of google apps , which blodget perceives as a classic disruptive technology that is cheaper , easier , and more convenient to use than microsoft office .
as polished as microsoft ' s office web apps may be , in one very significant way , it ' s far inferior to google apps , and will give google plenty of time to catch up to microsoft .
time warner ultimately chose to go with google because its proposal was simpler than the microsoft one .
this is the first time that google has had a greater market value than microsoft , with a closing value of ( more ...) .
only this time they have tough competition in google ( google is a much better rival to apple than microsoft was ).
and chances are that google will do it 10 times better than microsoft could ever do .
the google \[ search outsourcing \] agreement is far better than microsoft ' s search - only hybrid proposal , the letter notes .
the google agreement is far better than microsoft ' s search - only hybrid proposal , bostock and yang said in the letter .
the google agreement is far better than microsoft ' s search - only hybrid proposal , that ' s why we moved forward with it , yahoo said .
nevertheless , yahoo said that a search advertising deal it signed with google would provide a better financial return than the microsoft - icahn proposal .
today ' s yahoo can ' t match the minimalism of many google offerings , but it still has designs that are simpler and easier to use than many counterparts at microsoft .
thanks to the internet and cable news , the word on google got out faster , the business grew , and now the parallel is that google is better than microsoft because it grew so much faster !
google is eating everyone ' s lunch simply because it makes things faster , better , and more useful than anyone else - and microhoo will have no better way than yahoo ! and microsoft did to replicate that engineering feat .
it ' s obvious that google is leading the way in organizing the world ' s information because they are capitalizing faster and greater than microsoft did back in it ' s 80 ' s boom .
certainly , google has it much easier than microsoft in terms of support for legacy software as they are a cloud - only service provider which allows them to push out new features faster .
google docs has better collaboration features than the desktop version of microsoft office .
the question thus becomes whether google can add application features faster than microsoft can add online capabilities .
google docs has always had easier - to - use collaboration features than much of what microsoft has to offer .
the virtual collaboration features of google docs are far superior and user - friendly than what is currently offered by microsoft office applications .
microsoft corp . introduced a larger - screen surface tablet that is thinner and faster than the previous surface pro model , its latest attempt to gain share in the market dominated by google inc . and apple inc . .
in theory , quicker releases will allow microsoft to better compete with apple and google , who have shown themselves to be a lot nimbler than microsoft in recent years .
in a demo , microsoft showed ie9 to be at least five times quicker than google chrome .
another plus is that they claim microsoft is quicker to respond to an app maker ' s questions than apple or google .
so i find doing a word count with microsoft word quicker than running text from fundamentalist to sane settings on google translate .
when it comes to shedding the beta tag , microsoft is far quicker than google ( some of whose products have been called perpetual betas ).
microsoft considers that bing ' s ability to present a wide selection of relevant results will give users better faster and more accurate searching than google .
if microsoft and yahoo ! mesh their algorithms , the result could very well be superior to google .
microsoft actually has a better policy on user privacy than google does , however it doesn ' t make up for inferior such results in this case .
citing the bing marketing campaign that claims the microsoft search engine churns out results faster than google , gates said : seriously , bing is the better product at this point .
resultantly , microsoft had growth of greater than 20 % for 26 years , google for only 11 .
even microsoft is jumping on the bandwagon , with claims that its project adam network is faster than the leading ai system , google brain , and that its cortana virtual personal assistant is smarter than apple ' s siri .
microsoft seems like a better place to work than google .
a microsoft technology evangelist , robert scoble , posted a blog entry about how the msn search was superior to that of google .
ad network chitika has released data showing that microsoft surface 2 driven web traffic has grown at a faster rate ( on a percentage basis ) than tablets from amazon and google .
1 ) microsoft search doesn ' t need to be better than google or yahoo ! search to win user market share , because microsoft ' s first goal is simply to retain their existing search traffic , while depriving a competitor ( yahoo !) of said search traffic .
i ' ve already been a fan of the microsoft search engine on msn which is the same as the one on bing simply because it brings a lot of traffic to tempworks and at a better price than google .
if i had to pinpoint any slight changes this early on , microsoft ad centre has given us slightly more traffic , which makes sense , as in my experience , research - related keywords perform better here rather than on google adwords and yahoo search marketing .
fb traffic plus microsoft bing partnership - bigger than google search .
i presume this was motivated because microsoft scored an overall better result than google in the rankings .... .
microsoft is offering verizon better terms than google has ( and possibly ever will ), including better revenue sharing and guarantees of higher payments .
microsoft does get higher credit for greater transparency on its energy and emissions footprint than rival google , but more effort is needed to provide credibility to its recently released report on cloud computing .
apple ' s profits are higher than microsoft , higher than google , more than samsung .
google searchers have higher loyalty than microsoft and yahoo !
email - higher antitrust bar for yahoo - google than microsoft
microsoft launched its search engine in 2005 , and by 2008 it was pretty good -- its accuracy was better than google for some results , worse for others , but it wasn ' t horrible .
microsoft says bing search results are equivalent or better than google , but affinity for the google is strong .
microsoft said bing will organize search information better than google .
microsoft says the difference is that bing will help people ___________________ bing organizes information better than google .
a google monopoly on the internet has the potential to be a lot worse than microsoft ' s monopoly on the desktop , considering that google also wants to control all the information in the world .
